Outfielders to Target for 2025 Fantasy Baseball
March 19, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Sleepers, Featured | 172 Comments
by: Grey

We (me) have gone over the catchers sleepers, 1st basemen sleepers, 2nd basemen sleepers, shortstops sleepers, and 3rd basemen sleepers, because I have to do everything around here! Look at me, throwing shade like a beach umbrella! That makes sense…if you don’t think about it! That’s what I want my bumper sticker to say, “That makes sense….if you don’t think about it.” Okay, so this post is all the outfielders that are being drafted after 200 overall that elicit uber-sexy feelings. Now, this is a (legal-in-all-countries-except-Canada) supplement to the top 100 outfielders for 2025 fantasy baseball. All Steamer hitter projections and all 2025 fantasy baseball rankings have been updated. Click on the player’s name where applicable to read more and see their 2025 projections.  Anyway, here’s some outfielders to target for 2025 fantasy baseball:

PSYCHE! The first week’s Buy/Sell is already available for Patreon members. It will be released all year early for Patreons, so if people are getting a jump on you, it’s because they paid the $10. Anyway, the outfielders to target:

Lourdes Gurriel Jr. (NFBC 211) Always interesting to me are the guys who are lowest at NFBC and not even after top 200 at ESPN or Yahoo. ESPN had Lou-Gu-Ju at 105 overall when I first wrote this post, you’ll have to take my word for it. He’s now at 179, which is more reasonable. I’m closer to NFBC, but still under a bit (basically a push tho). He’s exactly the type to produce fantasy value while being freakishly boring. More like Boredes Borriel Br., am I right? (I’m not right.)

Jake McCarthy (ESPN 235, Yahoo 205, NFBC 218) He was 36th best OF last year and 139th overall on the Player Rater. That’s easy profit.

Alec Burleson (ESPN 257, NFBC 237). Can we talk about how prescient I am if prescient means what I think it does? I write my sleepers in October, then release then in November, December and January. I’m guessing who will be underrated when I write them. Educated guesses because I have a graduate degree from the Fantasy Baseball College of Charleston. So, I gave you a Alec Burleson sleeper. Only thing I knew was no one would respect him and he was the 23rd best outfielder last year on the Player Rater. Nearly top 20 outfielder and top 100 overall with a 12.8 K% in his 1st full year and no one wants him. I’ve drafted him in, like, five of seven leagues.

Lars Nootbaar (ESPN 260, Yahoo 268, NFBC 267) Similar to Parker Meadows (member him?) in that Lars has solid prorated seasons, he has yet to have a full season so we can see what he can do. Also, and this might be neither here nor there, but Nootbaar was a popular pick last year, being drafted about 100 spots higher, then he fractured his ribs in the preseason and never fully recovered. If he’s fully recovered now, is he no longer of interest? Not to answer, but to ruminate while enjoying a Nootbaar and laatte. And, yes, gave you a Lars Nootbaar sleeper.

Evan Carter (ESPN 271, Yahoo 245, NFBC 272) Can understand why people have moved off their love for Carter. From Michael Caine’s Get Carter last year to Michael Can’t you Dirty Rotten Scoundrel because you went 5/2/.188 your rookie year. That is so hilariously bad. Can’t say I’m fully invested in him rebounding, but if he’s healthy, then stranger things have happened. Just hope it happens faster than Stranger Things happens, which is once every six years.

Nolan Jones (ESPN 211, Yahoo 217, NFBC 255) Almost identical to Carter and Nootbaar that he also was loved by everyone last year, until poop went the weasel. I believe they call that post-hype. Well, post my hype with two stamps because I’m heavy is the crown for forgotten, fallen previous loves. Thinking about the person who drafts Nolan Jones, Nootbaar and Evan Carter. You’re Dennis Rodman just there for the rebound. (BTW, because I write these about a month ago and just wait for a moment to release them, I had last month’s ADPs, but I went through the trouble of updating them today. For some reason, Yahoo and ESPN moved NoJo way up in the last month. I can’t for the life of me understand why.)

Victor Robles (ESPN 247, Yahoo 213) Ya know what’s kinda crazy? P. Diddy freak offs? Yes, I did just watch the doc. But what’s also crazy is how Robles hit 17 homers. Dot dot dot. As a 22-year-old rookie! Then, as a 27-year-old last year, he hit only four. And stole 34 bags! While hitting .307. If he can put together a 10/30/.300 season, may the heavens open and pour Robles all over my fantasy teams like I’m Tawny Kitaen laying on the hood of an IROC. Oh, and you guessed it! Gave you a Victor Robles sleeper too.

JJ Bleday (ESPN 276, Yahoo 238, NFBC 266) Been a broken record on this during the pregame portion of this season, but I cannot wait to see how SacTown plays. The PCL is wildly offensive, but SacTown is one of the pitcher-friendly parks, and, like most Triple-A stadiums, it tends to mimic the MLB stadium where players were being shipped. Only it doesn’t have the foul territory. I still think the weather could play favorably for hitters in ways we might not fully know, at least compared to Oaktown. Finally, I gave you a JJ Bleday sleeper too.

Jo Adell (ESPN NR, Yahoo 310, NFBC 285) This post is heavy on the post-hype sleepers. That is true. But that’s not Adell. He’s a post-POST-post-dot-dot-dot-six-years-later-post-hype sleeper! Jokes aside (were they jokes?), I don’t have much faith in Adell; his spring has been less than ideal.

Jordan Walker (ESPN NR, Yahoo 302, NFBC 287) Literally have never heard of this guy before. Let me see what Google says. Seems someone by the name Grey Albright, a Fantasy Master Lothario (sounds like something you could abbreviate) talks about Jordan Walker a few times here…Hmm, he says he wants to have his babies. Jesus, who is this freak? Get a room you two! So, I like Jordan Walker still after his repeated failed seasons but not as much as that Grey guy!

Austin Hays (ESPN NR, Yahoo 325, NFBC 350) Does the name Scott Schebler mean nothing to you? How about Aristides Aquino? What about Ryan Ludwick? You don’t know Scooter Gennett? I’m sorry, are you telling me you haven’t heard of Derek Dietrich?! The random Reds player who has one season of power is legion. And I got Legionnaires! [intern whispers in ear] No, I’m pretty sure it means when you have a hankering for a random Reds’ hitter.

Roman Anthony (ESPN NR, Yahoo 320, NFBC 282) Also, gave you a Roman Anthony fantasy. There, I said, “Corny? More like horny! He’s an au naturale Get Roman and I’m horned up!” And that’s me pulling a quote that makes no sense with or without context! I cannot wait for Anthony to get called up, but I’m hoping for May-June, and realistically don’t think he breaks camp, but one can dream. So, pulling up here for outfielders to target late, but I have to say, there’s outfielders to draft late. I see TJ Friedl — interesting! Garrett Mitchell — shampoo entrepreneur and speed/power threat! Wrote a Heliot Ramos sleeper, but he’s going just before 200th overall. Tommy Edman, but went over him in the shortstops to target. Kristian Campbell, but 2nd basemen to target. Tomorrow, starters to target, and then we get to the final week of the offseason. Finally! LFG!