2nd Basemen to Target for 2025 Fantasy Baseball
March 12, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Sleepers, Featured | 105 Comments
by: Grey

Psst! This post is gonna list 2nd basemen that you should target in your 2025 fantasy baseball drafts. I’m whispering because you don’t want everyone to see this post. No, I can’t whisper louder, then it WOULDN’T BE WHISPERING! Okay, gig’s up (or maybe that’s jig’s up), the love I’m about to reiterately (Made Up Word of the Day!) confirm is on these guys I love later in drafts. I’m not going to mention Luis Garcia Jr. other than this one mention of him where I say I’m not going to mention him. At least that’s my apophasis and I’m sticking to it! These are players that you’re looking at later and all of them have ADPs after 200 (unlike Garcia; okay, two non-mentions). Some could be the 2nd baseman on your team, they are more than likely MIs. This is a (legal-in-all-countries-except-Canada) supplement to the top 20 2nd basemen for 2025 fantasy baseball. Click on the player’s name where applicable to read more and see their 2025 projections. Anyway, here’s some 2nd basemen to target for 2025 fantasy baseball:

Jackson Holliday (Yahoo 209, NFBC 220) ESPN has him ranked at 147! Exclamation mark to connote I’m kinda baffled by that ranking to the point where I had to double check that it was for this year and it was ranking for roto. I spent almost 30 seconds doublechecking them, which might be more time than they spent. He’s ranked around same spot as Matt McLain, Luis Garcia Jr., Brice Turang–Well, a lot of guys! Great way to start sleepers to target by pointing out a guy I want less than other sites, but I’d still try Holliday in Yahoo and NFBC at their price. 147 overall is baffling though!

Luis Rengifo (ESPN 202, Yahoo 205) I want to call him Luis Rengifo Jr. and I want to call myself Luis Rengifo Sr. Is this a normal feeling to have? This much I promise you: If someone asked Rengifo, “How much do you love yourself on a scale from one to 10?” And he said anything less than 10, then I love Rengifo more than he loves himself. On the 2nd basemen podcast, BDon tried to talk me out of his speed and to that I say, “His manager’s on speed yelling, ‘RUN!'”

Maikel Garcia (ESPN 205, Yahoo 229, NFBC 209) Ya know how I know I have a good sleeper like I have with my Maikel Garcia sleeper? I don’t reread my sleeper post, just look at his stats and projections and get excited again. Take me out of the equation, Maikel has projections of 8/30/.260 from others. That’s roughly what Andres Gimenez did last year and he was 148th on the Player Rater, and the 11th best 2nd baseman.

Thairo Estrada (ESPN 212, Yahoo 251, NFBC 405) I rarely think ESPN and Yahoo are both better than NFBC with where a guy is ranked (drafted). Thairo is one example, and the reason is something I say all the time, and now you will have to suffer through hearing it again. ADP, like at NFBC, gets baked in in October of last year, then gets calloused over in the months after. Once a guy is being drafted at 400 overall, and no amount of drafting is going to lift him a hundred or two in ADP. Drafters are simps for ADP, as the kids say. They’re ADP-pilled.

Connor Norby (ESPN 239, Yahoo 249, NFBC 265) He’s barely being drafted in most 12 team mixed leagues and he’s being projected for a 20/10/.255 year. That’s, again, not including me. I’m referencing The Others, if you’re lost. Also, already gave you my Connor Norby sleeper.

Brendan Donovan (ESPN 230, Yahoo 258, NFBC 234) Here’s an interesting one, because I don’t want him. Well, not especially. If it’s a deep league, then you have to fill your team’s slots, so to speak. Actually, not so to speak, that is literally what you’re doing. So, why include BDon? Well, ironically, our former podcast host, Geoff, likes the guy who sounds like our current podcast host. I did a solid for our former prospect writer and podcast host, Geoff, and drafted for him because he had a prior engagement and his favorite player I drafted was Calvin Faucher, but his 2nd favorite was BDon. I think BDon is better real world player than fantasy, but I trust Geoff’s opinion too.

Willi Castro (ESPN NR, Yahoo 255, NFBC 223) Was the 9th best 2nd baseman last year and 143rd overall on the Player Rater. I know he’s not “cool” and “sexy” and his name reminds you that the true story of Free Willy finds him dead off the coast of Norway, but Castro’s worth a higher pick than NR.

Kristian Campbell (ESPN 290, Yahoo NR, NFBC 326) The Bregman signing put a little damper on Campbell. A Dampbell, if you will (don’t though, if you’re not feeling it). How’sever, Campbell was the best minor leaguer last year and only thing really stopping him is Devers to DH and Trevor Story getting injured. Is Story hurt yet? How about now? Okay, check back later today. Also, gave you my Kristian Campbell fantasy.

Curtis Mead (ESPN NR, Yahoo NR, NFBC 734) Was thinking about the Rays platooning Mead and Caminero and started howling, while rolling on the floor. ROFH, was I. Not laughing, I was howling. That was why the animal catcher was called to the house. This is not a shaggy dog story. This is a shaggy wolf story. I am Middle-Aged Wolf. I was once Teen Wolf. Okay, so Mead was once considered a top prospect, but you’ve been at the Ren Faire drinking mead for three years if you think Mead is still that. He’s been hitting in the spring, but doesn’t really have a job. That’s all right, let Cash work his magic to get him ABs, and I will howl if he platoons out Caminero for even just one game.