Catchers to Target for 2025 Fantasy Baseball
March 10, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Sleepers, Featured | 161 Comments
by: Grey

Here, friend, are some catchers that I will be targeting at my 2025 fantasy drafts after the top options are gone. I’m not going to get into the strategy of punting catchers. Been there, half-drunkenly wrote that during the Ottoman Empire. Click on the player’s name where applicable to read more and see their 2025 projections and blurbs I wrote for them. This is a (legal-in-most-countries) supplement to the top 20 catchers of 2025 fantasy baseball. (Yes, I will go over each position.) Now, guys and five girl readers, I am not saying avoid catchers like Yainer Diaz if they fall, but, to get on this list, a catcher needs to be drafted after 200 overall, and, yes, I will go around the entire infield, outfield and pitchers to target very late. In regards to the ADP in the parenthesis, NFBC is for two catcher leagues, so that should be taken into account. Anyway, here’s some catchers to target for 2025 fantasy baseball:

Logan O’Hoppe (ESPN 200) Word about the ADPs listed. If a site is not listed, then that player was ranked prior to 200 overall (Yahoo and NFBC, in this instance), and NR means that site didn’t rank that player in their top 300. In fairness to ESPN when there’s an NR next to their name, they only rank up to 300 overall, and only 12 catchers should be ranked in the top 275, or at most 13 catchers (I have 13, in case there’s a joker in 12-team league). This is basic math, if you’re in a 12-team league, how many catchers are drafted? Hint: The number should be 12. “In case of joker, there’s 13,” because someone might draft two catchers, thinking they’re getting some kind of advantage (they’re not). Yahoo has 19 catchers in their top 275, which is goofy. The math ain’t mathing. Any hoo! Ironically (Is it irony? Only the British know irony), I’m a hair lower in my ranks on O’Hoppe than all three. I’d draft him, but it’s hard to be totally committed to being excited about catchers, so please allow me to state my fear with O’Hoppe. Ron Washington runs down a line, not to first or home, if you follow, and he decides to platoon O’Hoppe with d’Arnaud or d’O’H.

Austin Wells (ESPN NR) Has the biggest gain in value since Spring Training started, in my mind, and only in my mind, though maybe in your mind, I’m not in your mind. Biggest gain in value because there’s real talk of him hitting leadoff for the Yanks vs. righties, which might be the number one reason why the Yanks are not a favorite to win the AL East, though there’s a four-way tie with Gerrit Cole’s injury, not re-signing Soto and not signing another starter. Also, for what it’s worth, Austin Wells shouldn’t be NR (unranked).

Keibert Ruiz (NFBC 211, ESPN NR, Yahoo 257) Keibert’s famous last words were, “!^&(@%!” His famous first words were, his projections look like Austin Wells’s plus twenty points on average. Ruiz has youth on his side, so it’s not a terrible flyer since he was considered a solid prospect at one time. Or said like Joe Pesci, he has yute on his side.

Connor Wong (NFBC 219, ESPN NR, Yahoo 241) This one I’m closer to NFBC and Yahoo on and not ESPN, as I have him ranked in the 230 range. Like calling dibs with finger cuffs, I am the high man on Wong. My thought is: He was 178th overall last year on the Player Rater, and why would he be that much worse now?

Shea Langeliers (ESPN 252) So, I’m fully invested in Langeliers. I’m hanging from a chandelier, singing Sia’s Chandeliers but subbing in the name Langeliers. I’m bought in, baby! Why? Why such love, you ask while batting your eyelashes. He hit 29 homers last year, stole four bags and hit .224 and is going to be in a minor league park this year. A 35-homer, .235 season is possible. For what it’s Cronenworth, Langeliers was 101st last year on the Player Rater.

Bo Naylor (NFBC 311, ESPN NR, Yahoo 274) Am I liking Naylor more now — Yaymor? — because I saw he hit two homers in a Spring Training game? No (yes), not at all (absolutely). Listen, there’s so little to go on with enthusiasm for catchers, I’m fine getting a little bit pumped for a catcher just because he was good in a spring game.

Danny Jansen (NFBC 345, ESPN NR, Yahoo 335) Maybe because I’m too smart for my own good with like Mensa-type shizz in my medulla oblongata, but I can remember last preseason when Danny Jansen was seen as a guy who hit 17 homers in 86 games and could be incredibly valuable if he had a full time job. Guess what he has now. Also, guess where he’s playing. For Jansen, my Convert to Steinbrenner Field says, “Will fire and rehire Kevin Cash six times this year.” Hmm, that converter needs work.

Hunter Goodman (NFBC 382, ESPN NR, Yahoo NR) Can’t find a better man, Eddie Vedder? Then draft Goodman.

Drake Baldwin (NFBC 497, ESPN NR, Yahoo NR) Since I added him into the catchers rankings since I posted my rankings, let me quote to you what I have there, “Added when Murphy cracked his rib (on a tooth?) and it was announced Baldwin could start the year as the Braves’ catcher. Here’s my negative on him: Murphy is signed through 2028, and it seems unlikely he returns to just become a backup. Positive for Baldwin? Everything else. Baldwin went 16/2/.276 in 468 minor league ABs last year, spending majority of the time at Triple-A. He’s a hit tool, power catcher. It could be glorious if the ABs are there. The Drake is ready.” And that’s me quoting me!

Agustin Ramirez (ESPN NR, Yahoo NR, NFBC 538) He doesn’t even appear in my top 500, so ya know we’re deep here and maybe not playable. Let’s just look at his stats from the minor leagues this past year, 80/25/93/.267/22 in 476 ABs. I literally just fell over and had to have Cougs resuscitate me. He hit 25 homers and stole 22 bags with a 18.6 K% as a 22-year-old, ending his minor league year in Triple-A with no place to go but the majors and was traded for Jazz to Miami, so the Marlins have incentive to promote him? I am about to fall again, please do resuscitate. There’s no “not” in there.