2025 Yahoo Fantasy Baseball Rankings Ranklings
March 5, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Overrated, Featured | 135 Comments
by: Grey

As I told you yesterday, I was ranked by Fantasy Pros 1st for all of fantasy baseball rankings in 2023. After I told you that, they announced their accuracy ranks of ‘pert ranks and I was ranked 2nd for last year:

If my math is right, by the year 2084, I will be 6oth best and washed. Until then, I’m sorry, haters, but King stay King.

Because I’m way too interested in how right and wrong I am and less interested in how right or Yahoo is, I went back to look at what names I told you to grab in your Yahoo leagues last year, because they were undervaluing them, and what names I told you to avoid. It’s a large-scale mishmosh of some good and some not, if I’m being honest. For all of the guys like Josh Naylor, Riley Greene and Sonny Gray, who I said were steals, there’s other guys like Nolan Jones and Jesus Luzardo who I said was great and they said, “Whoa, daddy.” Same with the other side of the coin on the avoidances, I told you to avoid Spencer Torkelson, Royce Lewis, and Shane Bieber — yay me — but I said to avoid Elly De La Cruz, Cole Ragans and Schwarber and they rolled their eyes. We’re not going to do reasoning, but, if we were, I’d have plenty of excuses!

So, grain of salt with the big brain in my melon, and hedges aside, I wrote schmohawk posts for Gerrit Cole, Rafael Devers, Corbin Burnes, and Freddie Freeman and Yahoo is too high on all of them for my tastes, which are exquisite. I’m Gilligan out on an island on my own for these overrated guys this year. Also, I didn’t write overrated posts for them, but Michael Harris II and Jacob deGrom are all way higher in rankings everywhere, outside of the Razzball universe. If you’re drafting deGrom expecting 100 IP, I have a bridge in deGrom, Kansas called deGrom Bridge and I will sell it to you for the low, low price of one dollar. Wait, that really is a low price.

On the flip, as the kids say, Lars Nootbaar sleeper? That’s why I wrote it. Parker Meadows sleeper? Michael Toglia sleeper? Victor Robles sleeper? Yes, yes and yes. Didn’t write a Bowden Francis sleeper, but no one seems to want him. Also, Willi Castro. Not an exciting name to go too in-depth about, but he was 143rd overall on the Player Rater last year, and his only “sleeper” quality is how fast people go to sleep when I talk about him so moving on!

All right, enough ha on the hoo, I’m going to list players in a handy chart. The Thank You’s have it. It being good value from my rankings vs. Yahoo’s. The No Thank You’s don’t have it. They’re bad people. Meh, they might be okay people, but they’re likely not ending up on any of my Yahoo drafted teams. For this, I’ll be using my 2025 fantasy baseball rankings (go figure!) and Yahoo’s 2025 fantasy baseball rankings (crazy, right?). Note: I wrote this the other day, so if the numbers aren’t exactly right, it’s because they heard my footsteps.