ESPN’s 2025 Fantasy Baseball Rankings: Very Interesting, He Said Wearing A Monocle
March 4, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Overrated, Featured | 154 Comments
by: Grey

Last year, Fantasy Pros said I had the best fantasy baseball rankings for the previous year.

I did not do well in my leagues the year I had the best rankings. I don’t know how well my fantasy baseball rankings did last year comparatively to other ‘perts, because Fantasy Pros hasn’t announced it yet, but I know how well I did in my fantasy baseball leagues, which was very good. Won LABR, won an NFBC league, was competitive it in almost all my leagues (except Tout where I did a dumb strategy). Rudy won Tout and LABR last year and did well in all his leagues too. It would not shock me to find out I didn’t do well for rankings, according to Fantasy Pros. This is why I say rankings are only going to get you so far.

Drafted Aaron Judge last year in a lot of leagues, which worked out like me at LA Fitness once per year, but I could’ve easily drafted Kyle Tucker, who I liked more, and who wasn’t nearly as good, due to an unfortunate injury. I just didn’t draft Tucker because I wasn’t in position to do that, due to my draft slot. See, so you can have great rankings, but there’s still a ton of luck. If 12 people drafted off the same sheet, and that sheet was “the best fantasy baseball rankings,” there would still be 11 losers. Though, one of the 11 losers would be wearing a Sergio Tacchini tracksuit and gold chains, so would not be a loser at all. They would actually be very cool. With that said, I will scientifically give you some guys who are higher and lower in my rankings than ESPN’s fantasy baseball rankings.

Going to list players in a handy chart. The Thank You’s have it. It being good value from my rankings vs. ESPN’s. The No Thank You’s don’t have it. They’re bad people. Meh, they might be okay people, but they’re likely not ending up on any of my ESPN drafted teams. For this, I’ll be using my 2025 fantasy baseball rankings (go figure!) and ESPN’s 2025 fantasy baseball rankings (crazy, right?). Note: I wrote this the other day, so if the numbers aren’t exactly right, it’s because they heard my footsteps.

THANK YOU