Freddie Freeman, 2025 Fantasy Schmohawk
February 23, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Overrated, Featured | 117 Comments
by: Grey

For those who read all my posts, you’re about to be punished by me repeating myself, but, during this Christmas break, I was in Palm Springs with Cougs and Mother Cougs out at a restaurant that had an elevator (Nobu). Any hoo! We’re exiting and Mother Cougs has a cane, so gingerly, and I’m tending to her because I’m the best son-in-law. Coming onto the elevator was four people, very tall, and I only noticed the very tall blonde girl because she stepped aside for us, and the other people were so tall I didn’t even bother to look that high up. So, we get back to the valet and there’s a Rolls SUV and I joked that they pulled my car around already and the valet says, “Ha, this is Freddie Freeman’s, did you see him by the elevator?” No! I did not! Because I was tending to my mother-in-law! Nice guys finish last! I absolutely would’ve loved to enjoy a nice little chat-a-roo-ski with Freddie Freeman. I would’ve exchanged digits and been like, “I’m your biggest fan,” while going back into the restaurant and sitting next to him, while sharing a spicy tuna on crispy rice. We would be BFFs right now! Do I want to draft him this year? Lol, stop. So, what can we expect from Freddie Freeman for 2025 fantasy baseball and what makes him overrated?

This isn’t just about Freddie Freeman having ankle surgery. There’s your mention of it. Do with that info what you want. This is last year:



This is the year before:



The Sprint Speed at 15 is just hilarious. I already mentioned the ankle injury and said I wouldn’t mention it again, so I won’t except for this mention of my previous non-mention. Freddie Freeman knows how to make good contact. He reminds me a bit of another 1st baseman who just retired: Joey Votto. At a certain point, making great contact, on the barrel, daddy-goes-smack-with-good-wood, just falls off a cliff. Look at this:



That’s Freddie Freeman. Here’s Joey Votto:



That only goes back to 2015, so there’s a ton of years not accounted for with Votto, but it shows that once you start losing That Thing You Do! you don’t regain it. So, T. Hanks, but no T. Hanks. I could go over every single stat where Freddie Freeman lost value. It’s just age, guys and six girl readers. It goes to his excellent plate discipline still, too. Of course, he knows where the plate is, he’s a vet with a great eye (and better teeth). He won’t fall off a cliff, but that’s not a requirement for this overrated post. He’s currently a top 25 draft pick which is way too high, and in the top 20 some places I’ve seen. He’s no longer that player. He’s a 20/7/.270 hitter. It’s fine, if you’re Ryan McMahon. Snap! Oh, yeah, I just snapped Freddie Freeman in half. Though, if run into him again, I will become his best friend forever.