Top 500 for 2025 Fantasy Baseball
February 12, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Rankings, Featured | 95 Comments
by: Grey

Four score and seventeen-hundred rankings posts ago, my Fordfathers said, “Stop calling us Fordfathers, you idiot, it’s forefathers.” In order to form a more perfect fantasy baseball ranking system, we stopped ranking for fantasy baseball and simply said, “Eff it, let’s just let Grey rank 500 or so Mr. So-and-So’s.” Or, more succinctly, the top 500 for 2025 fantasy baseball. A few years ago, the top 500 was only a top 300 for fantasy baseball. Before that, it was 16 AD and I was drafting in one-person leagues because no one knew fantasy baseball or baseball. In a few years from now, this is going to be a top 10,000 and I’m going to be ranking Ronald Acuña Jr. Jr. Jr. Today, in this year, Twenty-Five after Twenty, comes the top 500 for 2025 fantasy baseball. Or as I like to call it, “Did he really rank Mr. So-and-So before Mr. So-and-So Jr.?” If Mr. So-and-So Jr. would stop chasing pitches in the dirt, I might’ve ranked him in front of Mr. So-and-So. This post isn’t meant to send shockwaves through your system. The pipe cleaner that the doctor uses to get the clogged wax from your ears is meant for that. This is simply to give you an idea of where guys are ranked in relation to other positions, i.e., you know I like Anthony Volpe better than Matt McClain, according to the top 20 shortstops, but do I like Volpe better than Mike Trout? Okay, it’s not that simple. You should read the blurbs for all players, but this top 500 should give you an idea. You’ll notice after the top 200, positions start to get clumped together. I might be the only fantasy baseball ‘pert to tell you this, but it doesn’t matter where, say, Luis Severino is ranked vs. Rhys Hoskins. If you need a starter, Hoskins isn’t going to help you. He can be ranked 50 spots in front of Severino and it doesn’t matter. That’s why I have the 2025 fantasy baseball rankings broken down by positions. If you need a 1st baseman, then Alec Bohm vs. Yandy Diaz matters, but where Bohm is ranked vs. Robbie Ray really doesn’t matter. Also, there’s no comments about players in this top 500, which you really should know prior to drafting. In other words, Kevin Gausman might be ranked around 200th overall, but am I drafting him? Well, you’d know if you read my top 60 starters for 2025 fantasy baseball.  There’s also a top 100 for 2025 fantasy baseball to help you.

There is our online War Room, which is downloadable, and it comes free with Razzball Subscriptions. Finally, we’re announcing the start of the RCLs on Monday and the start of the RazzSlam on Tuesday. If you want to signup for the RazzSlam, you have a few more days. It’s free to signup and there’s prizes because why not it’s not my money! [finger to earbud] I’m hearing it is my money, hmm. If you were in last year — you know who you are — don’t sign up again, you’ll be included in the blast email and if you want to ignore it, that’s on you because we believe in self-determination.

Also, where I had omitted the free agent projections previously, here I filled them in because, well, it was getting confusing for me with open spaces. All free agents’ projections are based on neutral parks or best guesstimates where they will end up. They are clearly placeholder projections. Anyway, here’s the top 500 for 2025 fantasy baseball.