Dodgers Clinch NL Far East Title With Sasaki Bomb
January 17, 2025 | Fantasy Baseball Daily Notes, Featured | 46 Comments
by: Grey

I know! I know! I don’t usually post on Saturday, but my 2025 rankings start on Monday — already available on Patreon — and I needed to get out this post.

Roki Sasaki broke the internet on Friday when he said he was signing with the Dodgers. The “internet” in this case is the one guy surprised by the most obvious signing to come down the pike in a long time. I think even the guy who was in a coma for the last year would wake and be like, “The team with Ohtani and Yamamoto signed Roki Sasaki? Where’s my No Shizz Sherlock Button? Do I have a No Shizz Sherlock Button to press or just a morphine button?” I’m sorry, One-Year-Coma Guy, you only have a morphine button. A No Shizz Sherlock Button would be a top seller though if we were talking about the Dodgers. Ohtani was in Hawaii for the last week, not even campaigning for Sasaki, ya know why? Sasaki is from Japan and anyone who’s walked the streets of Tokyo (I have — Grey’s a worldly traveler!) can tell you where Sasaki was going to sign. Would you sign for a team that’s must-see TV in Japan with Ohtani and Yamamoto or would you go to the Jays because they have better outfield defense? I’m sorry, where’s my No Shizz Sherlock button?

Dodgers are now the shady dad at the Little League who stocks his kid’s team with all the good players from a town over. Yes, that is better than the shady guy who isn’t a dad but hangs around the Little League anyway. Coolwhip reached out to me last week and showed me what stats he was cooking up for Roki Sasaki, and my eyes popped out of my head like John Lithgow in Twilight Zone: The Movie. I’ll let him come along in the next week or so and post his own thoughts, but Coolwhip was who broke down Yamamoto last year and had me drooling, and was right about him (his injury was unforeseeable). Roki Sasaki had a 2.02 ERA in Japan in 414 2/3 career innings with a 11.4 K/9 and 2 BB/9. His strikeouts dipped a bit last year, but he’s only 23 with utter gas. It averages as high as average fastballs go. Seeing it cook at 100.5 MPH in his WBC start in 2023. His 88.3 MPH slider had a 50% whiff in that start and that was his 2nd best pitch! His splitter that clocked at 91.2 MPH had a 52.9 Whiff% in that start. Guys and five girl readers, I have drafted Roki Sasaki everywhere I could in early drafts and I don’t see how he won’t be at worst a 120-inning number two. At best, he’s an ace for 140 innings. Why so few innings? Oh, the Dodgers now have an eight-man rotation. Bobby Miller, who looked like a top pitching prospect two years ago, is now back in the minors or pen. The Dodgers keep getting better and 75% of the league does nothing. Again, where’s my No Shizz Sherlock button? 2025 Projections: 12-6/2.92/1.06/181 in 136 IP. Anyway, here’s what else I saw this offseason for 2025 fantasy baseball:

Myles Straw – Traded to the Jays. Convinced if the Guards could have Jose Ramirez and no one else and have a 50% chance of winning the division, they would take that scenario. Also, find someone who loves you like the Jays love no-bat, all-defense outfielders.