Hitter Targets Part 1 (2B/1B/C): 2025 Dynasty Baseball Position by Position Target Series

New
February 14

It's Target Week on the Brick Wall! Starting Pitching Targets dropped yesterday, and now it's time to turn our attention to hitters. Here is Part 1 of the Hitter Targets (2B/1B/C):

Second Base

Christian Moore - LAA, 2B, 21.10 - Moore is my Zach Neto 2.0 call. I ranked Neto 3rd overall in his FYPD class when he was outside of many Top 10's. His path to playing time so enticing to me, and I thought his upside was getting underrated too. And I can say the exact same thing about Moore. We know the Angels are going to fly him up to the majors in the blink of an eye, and I also think his upside is getting underrated. The power is no joke, which he proved at Double-A already, and there is chance he runs more than we think. He's a good athlete and he stole 16 bases in 63 games in 2023. The guy can run if he wants. Part of me thinks it's a mistake not to put him #1 overall in the class.

Hye-seong Kim - LAD, 2B, 26.2 - I actually forgot that I was the high guy on Ha-Seong Kim in his 2021 FYPD class. I ranked him 4th overall, trusting his strong numbers in Korea, and that more than paid off. Now, Hye-seong isn't as good as Ha-Seong, but it's fitting that I also seem to be the high guy on Hye. I don't have him 4th overall, because again, he's not as good, but I think he deserved my respectable ranking of 16th overall. Like Ha-Seong, it could take a year or two for him to really hit his stride, but I think he'll hit it, and he's clearly in the right organization to develop him properly. It also seems like he has first dibs at the 2B job if the skills transfer quickly. And we saw a similar-ish profile with Jung Hoo Lee transfer pretty quickly. His swing also passes my ocular evaluation. He's underrated.

Otto Lopez - MIA, 2B, 26.4 - Brice Turang was my "good enough" 2B target last year, as the pickings have been slim at this position, and I think that worked out just dandy for people who took that advice. This year, Otto is my "good enough" target at the position. He has a strong contact/speed/defense combo that transferred to the majors with a 17.3% K%, .270 BA, 20 steals (28.7 ft/sec sprint), a 12.2 defensive value and 6 homers in 117 games. And the thing that makes me like him so much, is that he hits the ball damn hard for this type of profile. He put up a 88/93.1 MPH AVG/FB EV in the majors, and he had a 92.2 MPH EV in 12 games at Triple-A. Maybe he's more than a good enough target. There is a lot to like here.

Termarr Johnson - PIT, 2B, 20.10 - It's wild how people have just given up on Johnson. It's a head scratcher. I warned people that the hit wasn't as good as advertised back in 2022, so maybe I just wasn't so taken aback when the hit tool wasn't as good as advertised in 2023 or 2024, but he's still a really good prospect. The production has been there at every level, and he has very real power and speed. He's also still 20 years old, and he ended the year at Double-A. Pitt's 2B job is literally waiting for him. And he's an extremely hard worker who is the type you want to keep betting on. I'm a little shocked how quickly everyone turned on him. He's still a Top 50 prospect for me.

Zack Gelof - OAK, 2B, 25.5 - Gelof is my favorite bounce back hitter of 2025. He went 17/25 in 2024, and that was in a terrible down year. Imagine the numbers he's capable of not in a down year, and also not in one of the worst hitting environments in baseball. The hit tool is a risk, but he already established he's capable of much better in his rookie year. Sometimes development is one step forward, two steps back, and then 3 steps forward. I'm 3 stepping my way with Gelof in 2025. Don't sell low here.

Ryan Bliss - SEA, 2B/SS, 25.4 - I don't want to harp on Bliss too much, you guys already know how much I like him, but including him here because I don't think his path to playing time is as blocked as it seems. Dylan Moore/Donovan Solano are currently penciled in as the 2B platoon, but those guys aren't exactly going to be world beaters. At some point during the season, Seattle is going to be looking for a spark offensively, and Bliss's entire game is about spark. He's a demon on the bases and he hits the ball pretty hard. Cole Young is in the mix too, and Young is simply a better real life hitter and prospect, but Young is still so young, so Bliss might get the first shot. Bliss can also play multiple positions, so it's possible injuries could open a role too. He's only a medium or deeper league guy, but I would keep an eye on him at the least.

First Base

Tyler Soderstrom - OAK, 1B, 23.4 - I always get a little frustrated when players I've been pounding the drum on for months start to get more and more hype in the fantasy community. Are some people reading my work? ;) probably. But also, I get started on this in early October, which is when I first wrote the Soderstrom blurb, so others that start later in the off-season will just see the same things I'm seeing when they dial in. I get it. I shouldn't get frustrated. But I think my frustration with that is the exact same as someone who just plays the game and doesn't write. When you've identified an underrated stud, and your draft is like a few weeks away, it's always so brutal when a major analyst starts touting the hell out of that player. It's like, well, there goes that value. Enter Soderstrom, who was my Mark Vientos 2.0 call of 2025 months ago, but Vientos stayed super underrated all draft season, while Soderstrom's hype has been rising and rising. I still think he's underrated, but not as underrated when he was literally getting zero hype. His power upside was just too obvious when you dive in. 91.9/97.4 MPH AVG/FB EV. 14.6% Barrel%. .348 xwOBA. 49.6% Hard Hit%. 74.4 MPH swing. And all with a solid 24.9/9.4 K%/BB%. It's clear as day ... unfortunately ;)

Michael Toglia - COL, 1B/OF, 26.8 - Cat's out of the bag on Toglia too. But I also think now is a good time to mention that my target recommendations are geared towards "sharp" leagues. I use NFBC ADP as my heat check, and not like Yahoo or ESPN ADP, because I don't want to just give targets for casual leagues. Of course, you can do really well in those leagues by reading my work and rankings, but I don't want those leagues to be my focus when I name specific targets. It would be too easy. Not that there is anything wrong with those leagues at all. A casual league of friends is often the most fun by far, and even in those leagues you will have a few owners, or more than a few owners, who are damn good, so you still need some sharp targets in those leagues too. Point being, Toglia might not be underrated anymore in sharper leagues, but I do think he will be underrated in most leagues. And that same thing goes for Soderstrom above. Let's now dig into guys who are underrated in all leagues ...

Pavin Smith - ARI, 1B/OF, 29.2 - Smith didn't make it through the off-season unscathed with Arizona bringing in Naylor and Grichuk, but he seemed to survive it with a strong side of a platoon DH role at the least, and he put up a positive UZR as a LF, so there is chance he can eat into an OF role too. I'm searching high and low for a path to playing time, because he looks like he could be the next big time late career breakout bat. He's always been known as an advanced hitter with an advanced plate approach, and just check out his year to year EV's. He put up an 86.6 MPH EV in 2020, an 87.2 MPH EV in 2021, an 87.9 MPH EV in 2022, an 89.9 MPH EV in 2023, and finally a 90.2 MPH EV in 2024. I mean, I would say the power gains are real. He built that foundation low and slow. The launch is a similar story, starting at 8.1 degrees in 2020, and rising to 13.1 in 2024. The 73 MPH swing backs up the power too, which resulted in 9 homers and a .395 xwOBA in 60 games. That is no fucking joke. Even in a platoon role, he can thrive, and he put up a .754 OPS vs. lefties, so he very well might not be relegated to a platoon role. I'm giddy about Smith this year. And just because I went full chip on my shoulder in the Soderstrom blurb, hah, shoutout to my old podcasting partner, Geoff Pontes, who I saw wrote up Pavin as a target before I got around to the Diamondbacks. So I understand it can work both ways.

Spencer Torkelson - DET, 1B, 25.7 - Here's a scary thought for Keith owners. What if Torkelson is just a better hitter than him? And honestly, it's not so crazy of a thought, and in fact, Torkelson being a better hitter than Keith might actually be the smart bet. Tork's career .319 xwOBA is better than Keith's .311. Tork swings a much quicker bat (2.3 MPH faster) and he hits the ball much harder (89 MPH EV vs. 87.8 MPH EV). He chases much less (23.2% vs. 29.9%) and his whiff rates are really pretty close to Keith's (26.6% vs. 23.2%). Keith hit 13 homers in 148 games, and none of bat speed, EV, FB EV, lift (44.4% GB%), pull (35.5%), or ballpark says some big explosion is coming soon. Man, this blurb has really turned negative on Keith, and I didn't even mean it that way, but now that he's a first baseman, he's battling with a whole different contingent of hitter. I might be cooling on Keith just a bit (I still like him), but the point of this blurb is to maybe not give up on Tork so fast. And if it's not with Detroit, maybe he gets traded, and maybe that place will have a better ballpark. Hard to rec him in shallower leagues, but in medium to deeper leagues, I kinda dig him as a very low key target. Don't overpay though.

Zach Dezenzo - HOU, 1B, 24.11 - I feel like Dezenzo's natural talent is getting majorly underplayed here. This man is 6'5'', 220 pounds with an elite 75.4 MPH swing and 28.3 ft/sec sprint. It's not a long swing either at 7.5 feet. And his hit tool really isn't that bad. He put up a .295 BA in 174 career minor league games, and he had a strong 22.6/11.5 K%/BB% in 52 games at Triple-A last year. His career 25.8% K% in the minors is really not bad at all for this level of true beastly talent. Houston's entire OF is up for grabs, so if he can be even semi decent in the outfield, it would be crazy to not give him a shot. Dezenzo is definitely underrated.

Ben Rice - NYY, 1B, 26.6 - Listen, I don't have the slightest clue how he ends up with a full time job either. Even with Goldy only on a one year deal, the Yanks could so easily acquire another vet next off-season. And he's already 26 years old. But sometimes I just want to bet on the bat, and let things shake themselves out, and that is how I feel with Rice. He's obliterated every stop of the minors, and while he was always on the older side, you can only dominate the competition put in front of you. Then in his very first taste of the bigs, the man put up a 15.6% Barrel% in 50 games. All he does is rake. Is it not great that the surface were so bad with a .269 wOBA, yea, it's not great, but that is where the value comes in. I don't know how. And I don't know when. But I do know who. And that who is Ben Rice.

Jonathon Long – CHI, 1B, 23.2 – I'm giddy about hitting on Long as one of my deep FYPD sleeper picks last off-season. He got picked 266th overall in the 2023 draft as a college bat with a slot value bonus. Absolutely nobody mentioned a peep about this man's name, but you know I'm crazy enough to respect a great pro debut no matter who it comes from, so Long's 6 homers with a .913 OPS at Single-A was good enough for me. But it wasn't just stats that made me like him, I then hit him with the ocular pat down, and he passed that test too, writing, "He has a very quick and powerful swing that looks relatively legit to me, and he hits the ball hard. Obviously don’t expect a league winner, but I think he’s a real prospect." And a real prospect he was, as he kept on smashing pro ball in 2024 all the way through Double-A. He's not as underrated anymore, but he's still far from a hyped up guy. He's still only for medium to deeper leagues, but I think his value is set to take another jump in 2025.

Pablo Guerrero - TEX, 1B, 18.8 - It's pretty shocking how underrated Guerrero is considering his bloodlines. But it's not only his bloodlines. He also has major age to level success too. He was 16 years old in the DSL in 2023. And then he was merely 17 years old in stateside rookie in 2024 (with a taste of Single-A to end the season). And the third thing going for him is that he has a no doubt carrying tool in his power. Bloodlines. Age to level production. Carrying tool. I mean, that is a solid combo. The strikeout rates have been high, but keep in mind he's been young for every level, and the fact he put up a 23.4% K% in 107 PA at Single-A, literally turning 18 years old one day after getting promoted to the level, is a really good sign. He's easily my favorite underrated lower minors 1B target.

Triston Casas - BOS, 1B, 25.3 - I do believe Casas is underrated, which is why he makes list, but so many other people are also in on him, I doubt there is going to be that much value there in dynasty leagues. The real value seems to be on betting on him to lead the league in homers. $7 to win $1,050. I went over my future pitcher bets in the Luzardo blurb yesterday, so let's complete the slate with hitters today (I actually have a couple more that I'll go over in the outfielders and relief pitchers article). Fenway isn't good for lefty homers, so I don't think Casas is actually going to lead the league in homers. But I do like the bet value there. I just couldn't resist. This next guy might actually do it with good health ... Mike Trout. He actually has the true talent to lead the league in homers. Shit, he hit 10 homers in 29 games just last year. Odds are he gets hurt, but I'll put down $16 to win $1,040 that he doesn't.

Catcher

Ivan Herrera - STL, C, 24.10 - Herrera's .366 xwOBA led all catchers in baseball. It was not a small sample either. It was in 72 games. And the surface stats didn't lag behind with a 127 wRC+. He only hit 5 homers, but that is so clearly the very low end of his ability, and he steals some bags to make up the difference with 5 steals. 10 homers/steals in 72 games is pretty damn good for a catcher, and it came with .301 BA. He hit .297 in 44 PA in 2023. The 73.3 MPH swing with a 7.5 swing length is in special territory. He is so easily my top catcher target in baseball right now. The only thing that give me even the slightest bit of pause, is that he isn't good at throwing base runners out, and St. Louis has already shown an indication that they might not actually be all in on him defensively. They have strong organizational catcher depth, so I don't want to completely write it off, but I don't want to harp on it too much either. Herrera is my top catcher target of 2025.

Joe Mack - MIA, C, 22.3 - Everyone is focused on Augustin Ramirez as the Marlins catcher of the future, but I think Joe Mack is the better bet. And considering how much real life lists love catchers, it's kinda odd how little hype Mack gets even in real life circles. Mack has the chance to be a plus defensive catcher with a plus arm. And his bat is damn good too. His power came in his age 21 year old season, which is a completely normal timeline and something we see often with college hitters. He smacked 24 homers at Double-A, and the plate approach was solid considering he was only 21 years old. He's the most underrated catcher in the minor leagues.

Josue Briceno - DET, C/1B, 20.6 - Josue is probably fairly valued at this point (I named him a target last off-season, so if you got in then, you are already playing with house money), but you know I love my Josue's, so I just couldn't keep him off this year's list either. Also, I do kinda get the feeling that even though people are valuing him fairly, the idea that this dude could be a true middle of the order bat beast at peak hasn't actually cemented yet. I just want to make clear to be very careful about trading Briceno this off-season. In hindsight (which I say with foresight), this is exactly the point in his career when the absolute worst dynasty trades will be made with him. And even though he's valued fairly with people who are all in on this dynasty thing, I bet he isn't valued like that by your casual player. I just want to reiterate what a beast he can be.

Alfredo Duno - CIN, C, 19.3 - Duno has been a target for me every single year of his career, going back to his FYPD year, and his value continues to be excellent. This could be the year to strike even in shallow leagues. He was 18 years old, skipped right over stateside rookie, and he thrived immediately in full season ball with a 127 wRC+, 10.5% Barrel%, 89 MPH EV, and a 19 degree launch. He's going to be the top catcher prospect in the game one day.

Dominic Keegan - TBR, C, 24.8 - Keegan was my top deep league catcher sleeper last off-season, and now he's graduated to my top medium league catcher sleeper in 2025. Tampa signed Danny Jansen, but it was only a one year deal, and he might not be that good. Keegan is still mostly an afterthought, and I think there is a real chance he emerges as Tampa's catcher of the future, possibly by the 2nd half of 2025.

Willson Contreras - STL, C, 32.11 - I'm not sure on the underrated part, but Contreras makes for an excellent win now target in dynasty leagues. Maybe his current owner is rebuilding and wants to cash in now while he still has catcher eligibility, and you should be that team who he cashes in with. He's not going to be cheap, but he shouldn't be that expensive either, and we might be talking about legit everyday 1B production in your catcher spot. His bat is no joke with elite swing speed, EV's, Barrel's and xwOBA's. I can't guarantee he will be easy to acquire, but I would at least like to try as a win now team who needs a catcher. He could outdo his younger brother for the top spot this year.

Targets from my FYPD Target & Strategy Guide (with their original write-ups)

Aaron Parker - TOR, C, 22.3 - You already know. Pro debut breakout ... I think if I write pro debut breakout one more time my head is going to explode ... .... pro debut breakout

Cole Messina - COL, C, 21.11 - Not a pro debut breakout. A bad pro debut. But on path to playing time, situation (Coors), and college power numbers, Messina looks like a real enticing later round option for medium to deeper leagues.