2/26/25 Dynasty Baseball Rundown

New
February 26

Jackson Jobe - DET, RHP, 22.8 - It's downright criminal that Jobe's first spring start not only didn't have Statcast data, but also wasn't even televised. Evan Petzold captured an AB vs. Adley Rutschman where Jobe got multiple whiffs and you can see the nasty stuff. Also, is it just me, or is Adley looking like he's starting to really get that veteran's thickness to him. He might be coming for those power gains. But back to Jobe, he didn't really have a good outing, going 2 IP with 1 hit, 2 ER, 1 HR and a 1/1 K/BB vs. an almost real Orioles lineup. The mediocre K/BB in the minors in 2024 is what stopped me from going higher than 21st overall on him on the Prospects Rankings, and that K/BB wasn't super impressive here either. I know he's been working on pitches and it's only the first outing, so you can't really take much away from it. But at least like a 5/0 K/BB against Baltimore's A lineup would have raised an eyebrow. Maybe even both eyebrows.

Heston Kjerstad - BAL, 1B/OF, 26.1 - And that one HR against Jobe came off the bat of Heston Kjerstad. I think Evan Petzold might have "televised" Jobe's entire start singlehandedly with his phone camera. What an entire sports league can't figure out, one guy with a camera phone will have to pick up the slack. The Orioles have talked a good game about getting Kjerstad in the lineup, but without an injury, it seems likely to come in a part time role.

Quinn Mathews - STL, LHP, 24.6 - Coming off Mathews poor finish at Triple-A to close out the 2024 season, I was excited to see him get his first opportunity against most of Toronto's real lineup, and his outing got me pumped. He went 2 IP with 2 hits, 0 ER, and a 3/1 K/BB. The 94 MPH fastball dominated with a 27% whiff% and 77 MPH EV against. The slider wasn't great, but the changeup dominated too with a 67% whiff%. This is the type of outing I wanted to see, and seeing him miss that many bats (32% whiff%) against very real MLB competition is awesome to see. Arrow is pointing up after this one.

Kumar Rocker - TEX, RHP, 25.4 - Rocker is still throwing absolute flames with a 97.4 MPH fastball and a curve that notched a 50% whiff%. He didn't pitch well (1 IP, 4 hits, 4 ER, 1/0 K/BB), but seeing his arm so clearly still healthy is the most important thing, and dang that arm looked healthy.

Cam Smith - HOU, 3B, 22.1 - Smith is coming off one of the most impressive pro debuts of the draft class, and he's keeping that going right into the spring. He smoked 2 homers yesterday and is now 2 for 2 with 2 walks and 0 strikeouts. His batting stance looks very slightly more upright and just a bit looser in general to me. It definitely seems like Houston is working with him to lift and pull a hair more. He's going to be dangerous.

Travis Bazzana - CLE, 2B, 22.7 - Cam wasn't the only one from the class to pop dingers, Bazzana crushed a 107.6 MPH homer himself. Just give this man the 2B job already and call it a day.

Ben Rice - NYY, 1B, 26.6 - Giancarlo Stanton has tennis elbow in both elbows, which the Yanks are being kinda vague about, but to me, that just means Ben Rice might get that sliver of opportunity he needs to kick the door down. And he's coming for that job, going 2 for 3 yesterday with a 111.1 MPH single, a 100.5 MPH flyout, and a 99.5 MPH single. All this guy does is hit the ball hard, and while the hits weren't dropping in his rookie year, they are bound to start dropping. As long as Stanton keeps playing tennis and injuring himself, Rice will be ready and waiting to take up that DH job. It sure seems like Stanton might not be ready for Opening Day.

Everson Pereira - NYY, OF, 24.0 - Don't forget about Everson Pereira either, as he has that hard hit ability to compete with Rice for that spot. He also could have next man up status, or close to it, if anything happens in the Yanks OF. He had a lost season in 2024 due to an elbow injury, but we all know you don't need elbows to hit (although I guess Stanton does, so even that has a limit), and Pereira is proving that with his first bomb of the spring at 101 MPH. The hit tool risk is high, and the red carpet isn't going to get rolled out for him, but Pereira is a super talented guy who doesn't seem that far away from playing time right now.

Cole Carrigg - COL, OF, 22.10 - Carrigg utterly destroyed a line drive homer that was a statement shot. It was a 75.6 MPH swing that crushed the ball at 110.6 MPH. There is obviously real thunder in his bat, which is exciting because the feel to hit and speed are there. It was off the worst closer in baseball, Justin Anderson, so I wouldn't get too crazy, but if he produces in the upper minors, his stock can rise in a hurry.

Enrique Bradfield - BAL, OF, 23.4 - Bradfield put on over 10 pounds of muscle this off-season, and the gains showed up immediately with him cracking his first spring homer in 4 PA. He hit 4 homers in 469 PA all of last season. Any uptick in power is a big deal, because his contact, speed and defense will do the rest. It seems like Bradfield is going to take over the CF job from Mullins after Mullins contract expires this year. It might not be much more than steals, but it's gonna be a whole lot of a steals.

Victor Scott - STL, OF, 24.2 - I guess we're in the speedy outfielder who gained muscle part of the Rundown. Scott is trying to bounce back from a disaster 2024, and he's off to a good start this spring with 3 hard hit balls. One was a 99.2 MPH homer off Bowden Francis, and the other two were a 105.9 MPH liner off Yimi Garcia and a 98.9 MPH triple off Max Scherzer. All of those guys are legit pitchers. He's battling for the starting CF job, so a good spring is quite important for him, and yesterday was his first stab at locking down that role. Scott has the speed to make a big fantasy impact, so a guy like that is always worth a look if he's in the lineup.

Jacob Young - WSH, OF, 25.8 - And then we have the speedy Young who hit the weight room this off-season as well, and boom, he nailed his first dinger yesterday at 98 MPH, traveling 365 feet. That would have left the park in all of 2 ballparks. Not exactly a statement shot, but it counts just the same. Even a tick more power would do him a lot of good, because the contact, speed, defense and opportunity are there. He's becoming more and more of an enticing steals flier.

Robert Hassell – WAS, OF, 23.8 - If anyone steals that job away from Young, it might be Hassell. He's coming off a big AFL with 4 homers and a .877 OPS in 22 games, and now he's having a big spring too. He went deep with a 100.9 MPH homer that would have actually cleared the fence in every ballpark. He now has a 260 wRC+ in 9 PA. Hassell was much more hyped that Young, and that can often play a role if it's close. He might be coming for the CF job sooner rather than later.

Edwin Uceta - TBR, Setup, 27.3 - Talk about mid-season form. Uceta went one inning and struck out the side. That's picking straight up from last year where he just struck everyone out too. He can so easily pass Fairbanks if Fairbanks shows even a hint of struggles.

Ty France - MIN, 1B, 30.0 - I knew that Minnesota would want absolutely anybody to take that 1B job from Jose Miranda. I poured cold water on Jose Miranda last off-season, and then I again didn't buy into him at all this off-season, finishing his blurb by writing "He's not an MLB starter long term, and even short term I'm sure Minnesota is hoping someone can take this job from him." And sure enough, they signed the best half decent vet they could get their hands on in France to be their starting 1B. He tapped a 96.3 MPH homer off the artist formerly known as Carlos Carrarsco, throwing 91.2 MPH "heat." The most interesting thing about France is that he is finally getting out of Seattle. That alone gives him some kind of intrigue. He's only 30 and he has a career .328 xwOBA. His 88.7 MPH EV last year wasn't bad. There are worse fliers to take in deep leagues.

Geraldo Perdomo - ARI, SS, 25.4 - The Diamondbacks put their money where their mouth is when it comes to loving Perdomo, giving him a 4 year, $45 million extension, and if he really wants to earn that money, he needs his power to tick up. So far, so good after he cracked his first homer of the spring. While the extension isn't so huge that it guarantees him a full time job no matter what, that is a pretty big vote of confidence. And I think it indicates they might want Lawlar to get a healthy amount of at bats at Triple-A after missing so much time last year. Injuries and performance have a way of working these things out, so I wouldn't bet against Lawlar making a splash in 2025, but with Eugenio Suarez' contract running out after this year, we might be looking at a Perdomo and Lawlar left side of the infield in 2026 and beyond. Hard to truly count on Lawlar this year though, so consider anything you get gravy.

Tylor Megill - NYM, RHP, 29.8 - The Mets rotation is dropping like flies, and to me, that seems to leave the door open for Tylor Megill to lock down a rotation spot. Roster Resource still has him out of the rotation, so who knows, but he's my favorite of their options, and he's the one I would take shots on. Griffin Canning was a favorite of mine last off-season, but nothing I liked about him showed up at all in 2024. It was like he was a completely different pitcher, so I have no idea what version is going to show up in 2025. I'm struggling to get back on that bandwagon. I'm sticking with Megill.

Kyle Finnegan - WSH, Closer, 33.7 - And he's back. I guess that was inevitable the longer the off-season dragged on. And it's not like Washington had any truly exciting options to replace him anyway, so why not. He reprises his role as a low end fantasy closer.

Winston Santos - TEX, RHP, 23.0/Emiliano Teodo - TEX, RHP, 24.2 - Santos and Teodo came out throwing fire. Santos sat 96.4 MPH and Teodo showed out at 98.8 MPH. Teodo missed all the bats too with a 40% whiff%. Teodo is no doubt nastier, but I'm worried he ends up in the bullpen going only sinker/slider in this one, while Santos is one of my favorite pitcher targets in that underrated proximity tier. He threw 4 pitches but he didn't miss a single bat.

Evan Carter - TEX, OF, 22.7 - Evan Carter back watch ... 1 for 2 with a 106.6 MPH, 404 foot double. Back looked pretty good there. Encouraging.

Leodalis De Vries - SDP, SS, 18.6/ Sebastian Walcott - TEX, SS, 19.1 - Leo walloped a 103.2 MPH, 384 foot double and Walcott went 2 for 2 with a 73.5 MPH double. The babies are taking their first steps!

Kris Bryant - COL, OF, 33.3 - We have a pulse! Bryant destroyed a 111.8 MPH homer with a 77.5 MPH swing! I mean, the talent is still in here somewhere. But can he stay healthy?

Jarred Kelenic - ATL, OF, 25.8 - 0 for 3 with a K and now has an 18 wRC+ in 6 PA ... this one is just for old time's sake. We still aren't waiting on a Kelenic breakout, right?

Jo Adell - LAA, OF, 26.0 - 0 for 2 and is now 0 for 7. Adell is the same age as Kelenic. I'm questioning why I'm still holding on ...

Hye-seong Kim - LAD, 2B, 26.2 - 0 for 3 with 2 K's and is now 1 for 11 with 4 K's ... so it turns out trying to change a 26 year olds game and swing maybe wasn't the best decision in his very first taste stateside. Maybe a little over ambitious. And now it seems they might want to start him in the minors to work on the changes. I'm not jumping ship based on his first 11 at bats in spring while he's trying to make adjustments, but the tea leaves are starting to read this isn't going to be immediate. I believe in his talent, but I might not be so apt to draft him as high today as I was a couple weeks ago.