2/23/25 Spring Dynasty Baseball Rundown

New
February 23

Zac Veen - COL, OF, 23.4 - Oh dear god no. I cannot be trusted with a big Spring from Zac Veen. Somebody is going to have to take the keyboard away from me before I say something that I will regret. Veen bat flipped 2 years of frustration away in one 107.7 MPH bomb for his first of the spring. That bat flip didn't even look like it was intentional, it looked it came straight from the depths of hell, which is where his prospect stock has sunk to over the last few years. But please watch that swing and tell me I was hallucinating to love him so much! He also stole a bag. I need to stop writing this blurb right now before I finish it off with saying something outlandish ...

Ceddanne Rafaela - BOS, SS/OF, 24.7 - 1 for 3 with a walk. Watching that walk was sweet. The patience. The plate approach. Thing of beauty ... and oh yea, he also ripped a dinger for his first of the spring. But I only got eyes for that walk, because if he wants to truly secure a spot in that lineup, he desperately needs to improve his OBP. So far, so good. 

Justin Crawford - PHI, OF, 21.3 - We all know what Crawford has to do. Crawford knows what he has to do. And he clearly understood the assignment. He was a launch king in game 1, cracking a 108.4 MPH lineout at 16 degrees and a 92 MPH flyout at 26 degrees. Lift. Lift. Lift. Lift. I saw 0 for 2, and I was honestly expecting to see both balls hit at like negative 5 degrees. I'm way too pumped for an 0 for 2 day!

Christian Moore - LAA, 2B, 21.10 - This dude doesn't stop hitting. he notched a 1 for 3 day in his first spring game with a cool base knock, and then he came around to score the winning run on the next batter. This man is about to turn this entire franchise around. I just feel it.

Spencer Jones - NYY, OF, 23.11 - The Spring Killa is back on his terror spree, obliterating a 104.5 MPH bomb going the opposite way. He obliterated Spring in 2024 too, so forgive me for containing my excitement a bit here. He supposedly worked with Aaron Judge on his swing this off-season, and you can see it with that leg kick, although Judge makes it look athletic, while Jones looked kinda awkward with it honestly. I guess that is what spring is for though, and you can't argue with that result.

Zebby Matthews - MIN, RHP, 24.10 - 2 IP, 1 hit, 0 ER, 2/0 K/BB vs. Atlanta's Quad-A lineup. We know Zebby can dominate this kind of competition already, but more notable is that he came into camp amped up to show out, throwing gas at 96.6 MPH, up 1.7 MPH from last year. The cutter was up even more at 93 MPH (90.9 MPH in 2024), and the pitch dominated with a 84.6 MPH EV against and 50% whiff%. And of course, no walks. I'm convinced that if his girlfriend asked to go for a walk, he would decline. Not doing walks is like his whole thing. The Twins have rotation spots up for grabs, and Zebby is coming hard for one. Festa and Zebby should be #4 and #5. But it seems headed for Richardson and Paddack unless one can kick the door down. Matthews took his first whack at that door yesterday.

Clay Holmes - NYM, RHP, 30.4 - Clay ain't going to be underrated for long if he keeps this up. He dominated in his first outing as a starter, going 3 perfect innings with 3 strikeouts. The sinker sat 95 MPH, which would be awesome if that is actually where it can settle in as a starter, and he displayed all of those pitches he was working on this off-season with a 6 pitch mix. It all resulted in an excellent 35% whiff%. You already know he's a target for me, and it's inevitable that price is just going to continue to rise and rise if he keeps on looking this good.

Orelvis Martinez - TOR, 2B/3B, 23.5 - No roids needed to go 105.6 MPH the opposite way off an 80 MPH meatball. I'm genuinely certain I could have laced that pitch the other way too. Not for a homer. But at least a hard groundout. Hard groundouts the other way were my specialty in high school ha. 

Brice Matthews - HOU, SS, 23.0 - The Astros plans for Matthews is starting to become a bit clearer. They have Altuve working out in the OF, and they started Matthews at 2B in this one. He's their future 2B, and he gave a glimpse of what that could look like with him going 1 for 3 with 0 K's and a 110.7 MPH double. The power/speed is so sincere. He just needs to keep those strikeouts in check.

Zyhir Hope - LAD, OF, 20.2 - Hope has seemed to turn into one of the most divisive prospects in the game right now, and while there isn't much he can do in spring to settle that debate, he put some shine on his name by slicing an opposite dinger at 103.9 MPH for his first hit in 7 PA. Also, check out that trunk. Guy looks like he's an NFL running back at the thickest possible 5'10''. He knows you don't actually have to break tackles in baseball, right? 

Colson Montgomery - CHW, SS, 23.1 - Montgomery has always been the most "looks the part" prospect of all the "looks the part" prospects, and he looked the part yesterday, going lefty on lefty for a monster homer out to dead center. He had to go down to get to that one too. He's also coming off a huge AFL. He could conceivably win a job straight out of spring here, and there is little doubt that he's going to hit for power.

Kala’i Rosario - MIN, OF, 22.9 - 1 for 1 with a 111.5 MPH double. This is special power here. Don't underrate that. Hit tool still an issue though, so don't overrate it either. Rate it correctly.

Triston McKenzie - CLE, RHP, 27.7 - McKenzie is in prove it territory for me, and while he didn't exactly fully prove it yesterday (2 IP, 2 hit, 1 ER, 1/0 K/BB), that 94.2 MPH fastball certainly caught my eye. That is up 3.1 MPH from last year. Even in a short outing, that is a great sign. And he threw the ball over the plate. Those are two pretty big things to see. Considering how low I am on him coming into the season, this was just about as impressive of an outing as possible. It only resulted in an 18% whiff%, and he has a lot more prove, but this was a good first step towards getting out the doghouse. Keep an eye here. 

Jarlin Susana - WASH, RHP, 21.1 - 1 IP, 1 hit, 0 ER, 2/2 K/BB ... Dude was throwing 100 MPH on the first day of spring, but the walks don't look like they are going anywhere so fast. He's only 21, so truly bringing the walk rate down might be more of a mid 20's type of thing.

Prelander Berroa - CHW, Closer Committee, 25.0 - 0.1 IP, 3 hits, 2 ER, 1/1 K/BB ... yea, that's not going to win the closer role at all.

Roman Anthony - BOS, OF, 20.11 - Gunnar Henderson clone, Roman Anthony, laced his first hit of the spring. Nothing flashy. But always nice to get off the schneid early and break the ice. Ending up on the bottom of these Rundowns is something you want to avoid, because honestly, I've been doing these for a long time, and the guys that consistently show up at the bottom, the outcomes have not been super encouraging ...

Jo Adell - LAA, OF, 26.0 - 0 for 2 with a K ... Here we go again ... 

Jackson Holliday - BAL, 2B, 21.4 - 0 for 2 with a K ... please no ...

Jordan Walker - STL, OF, 22.10 - 0 for 2 with a K ... I don't have the energy for it