Outfield and Relief Pitcher Targets: 2025 Dynasty Baseball Position by Position Target Series

New
February 18

I've had a ton of fun with Target Week this year, and we conclude the series with Outfielders and Relief Pitchers. Starting Pitching Targets, Hitter Targets Part 1 (2B/1B/C), and Hitter Targets Part 2 (SS/3B) are in the books too. Here are the Outfielder and Relief Pitcher Targets:

*OBP Rankings, Universal Rankings (for certain Points leagues and leagues with 6 or more hitting categories), Spring Training shenanigans!, 2026 Top 10 FYPD Rankings, and Predicting the Top 50 2026 Prospects Rankings (which doubles as a bold predictions article) are all coming up soon!

Outfield

Heliot Ramos - SFG, OF, 25.7 - Heliot Ramos is Patient Zero for how valuable this bat speed data is going to be. You already know I was all over bat speed in my analysis right from the get go this off-season. You could tell just from diving into it that it has a real impact on a players performance, and it can often be the missing piece for like why a guy with a great Barrel% just isn't showing out as much as you would think is possible. It was then nice to see my analysis backed up by my boy Jordan Rosenblum with his recently released, and my new favorite projection system, OOPSY, as he found incorporating bat speed improved his projections. Sure, I did it with just pure, good old fashioned brain power, and he needed all those newfangled mathematical regressions or whatever ;) ... but turns out people trust cold hard math more than just one guys back of the napkin analysis ;) ... but point being, Ramos is one of, if not the true standout on that list. Not only is his bat speed elite at 75.2 MPH, but it's also a super short swing at 6.9 feet. His speed/length combo might be the very best in baseball. And it resulted in a monster breakout season. I'm choosing to trust and act on the bat speed data this off-season, so that means I'm completely buying the Ramos breakout, and making him one of my favorite OF targets. There is one bugaboo though, and that is he hits in San Francisco. He only managed 8 homers in 63 games at home vs. 14 homers in 58 games on the road. Unless you are Barry Bonds, it's a problem to hit there. And Ramos ain't Baby Bonds (that would be Emmanuel Rodriguez). If he played almost anywhere else, I might have messed around and put him Top 100, but the ballpark downgrade is real, so I still think right outside the Top 100 is more reasonable.

Pete Crow-Armstrong - CHC, OF, 23.0 - Let's stick with the bat speed theme here. I LOVE Pete Crow. You guys must already know that as I've been shouting it from the mountain tops for legit 5 years now. But the one thing that at least gave me a millisecond of pause, is that the 70.6 MPH swing is below average, and combined with his 41.4% Chase% and 29.9% whiff%, that just doesn't seem like the best combo. But Statcast has now added 2nd half 2023 bat speed data as well, and PCA's bat speed in 33 swings in 2023 was actually 73.1 MPH, which is plus. His swing and miss was far worse that year with a 43.6% whiff%, so I'm bringing this up to raise the point that we might see some pretty wild swings in bat speed year to year, especially from young players. Young players are trying to figure out the best way to be successful vs. MLB pitchers, and that might mean intentionally slowing your bat down if you are struggling to make contact. And vice versa, high contract guys with no power might start swinging much harder to actually try to make an impact, and they have some contact to spare in order to do that. So PCA's below average swing doesn't mean he's not capable of much more, it's just that he needs to continue to refine his plate approach and contact skills to really unleash that beast. I'm betting that he will refine all of those aspects of his game and become a true beast, and when I say "betting," I mean literally betting. I put $25 to win $1,000 that he will lead the league in steals. And looking at the rest of the steal leader odds, why does Ronald Acuna have the 2nd best odds to lead the league in steals? He's going to miss a solid chunk of the season and he's coming off his 2nd torn ACL. How in the hell would he be considered the 2nd best bet to lead all of baseball in steals? That is wild. Is it just that so many bets come in on him from casuals? Maybe. But Dairon Blanco and Jose Cabellero, two guys who don't even have full time jobs and can't hit have the 10th and 12th best odds. Better than Jose Ramirez!!! Who makes these odds? Seriously. These guys don't know what they are doing. But back to talking about bat speed to close this out, it's going to be really fun to be able to now track all of these changes from hitters in real time, and I think we are going to see some big swings.

Jordan Walker - STL, OF, 22.10 - Did someone say bat speed? I think Jordan Walker's ears just perked up because this man put up an insane 77.3 MPH swing, which is in truly rarified air. And it doesn't even come with crazy swing and miss with a career 24% K% in 168 MLB games. Tack on a 28.4 ft/sec sprint, and I just can't believe for one second that this guy isn't going to be an impact bat for many years to come. Sure, the swing is long at 8.2 feet, and that might have something to do with his struggles to fully unleash the raw power, but I'm not even sure he needs to fully unleash it. Let this man rip baseballs all over the field and run the bases. And if he can even partially unleash it, he's going to wreak havoc. He's also still 22 years old. He's a baby. Give him a minute to develop here. I'm staying in on Walker.

Garrett Mitchell - MIL, OF, 26.7 - The Brewers team report back in early October was when I first started to get real giddy about bat speed. Mitchell's 75.7 MPH swing with a 7.4 foot length just fully backed up what an electric player this is. I didn't need the bat speed data to call him a target during the 2024 season, before he even got called up to the bigs, as I've been high on his athleticism and potential for awhile now. And then he went out and proved in the majors with a 126 wRC+ in 69 games. With a 253 NFBC ADP, it's clear he's still not getting the love he deserves. We could be looking at a real explosion in 2025, and I wouldn't be shocked if he starts pushing Top 50-75 dynasty asset area real quick. He could be the Jarren Duran of 2025.

Kerry Carpenter - DET, OF, 27.7 - I feel like I was the only one to truly understand how special of a bat Kerry Carpenter had, naming him a major target and writing, " "Carpenter has a pretty rare, very hard to find profile that can usually only be found at the top of drafts, but he gets valued like a boring afterthought. He had a 10.2% Barrel%, 90.1/95.1 MPH AVG/FB EV, 13.1 degree launch, 28.1 ft/sec sprint, and 27% whiff%. I promise you, those are not easy numbers to find." ... and then he went out and exploded with a .385 xwOBA, .932 OPS, and 18 homers in 87 games. That is extremely special, and the writing was on the wall for it. And now that he's broken out ... still nobody really seems to give a crap. A 185 NFBC ADP is pretty lukewarm for those type of numbers. The big holdup is that he's likely a platoon bat, and that is also why I don't have him Top 100 or anything, but I don't think he's locked in as that, and Detroit has talked about wanting to give him a true shot vs. lefties (or at least he's talked about it ha). And we know that skill can be late to develop for left handed hitters. Obviously the time to buy in was last off-season, but I still think there is value here. We could be looking at Carpenter as one of the top sluggers in the game by this time next year, and he doesn't even get close to that respect.

Matt Wallner - MIN, OF, 27.3 - It's the year of the bat speed for me, so why stop now. Wallner has an elite 77.2 MPH swing and it's relatively short at 7.3 feet. Yea he strikes out a stupid amount, but he's the modern day Joey Gallo, and Joey Gallo had great fantasy value for a long time. And honestly, Wallner now has 580 PA with a .251 BA. Gallo couldn't even sniff those numbers. There is platoon risk and contact risk, but his upside is truly equally as high, and he's already been proving it with a career 144 wRC+. That is no joke. I'm taking on the risk here. I love Wallner.

Jo Adell - LAA, OF, 26.0 - We've been waiting for the hit tool to improve... and waiting ... and waiting ... and quite frankly, we are still waiting, but there are finally signs of the light at the end of the tunnel. He massively improved his contact rates in 2024 with a 29.8% whiff% (38.5% in 2023) and 27.9% K% (40.3% in 2023). I mean, that is exactly what we have been waiting for, and now it's here. He still hit only .207, so maybe it's all roads lead back to a .200 BA, but with how massive his talent is, I'm willing to take the shot we might actually see some of the contact gains come to fruition in 2025. If you aren't sick of bat speed yet, he has a 76.7 MPH swing. And we all know about his elite athleticism. Huge tools guys breaking out in their mid to late 20's happen often enough to not just write off the signs on improvement here.

Justin Crawford - PHI, OF, 21.3/Jaison Chourio - CLE, OF, 19.10 - Crawford and Chourio are my favorite prospects who aren't truly getting elite or near elite prospect hype, but who have the talent to put up those truly special fantasy seasons. They are shallow league targets. Chourio already showed up to camp this year looking pretty jacked, and adding power is the final step to his elite prospect ascension. He'll probably never be a true power hitter, but with the rest of his profile, he doesn't have to be. Justin Crawford looks like an exact replica of his father, who was a great fantasy player, and he still has the hope to possibly raise that launch to get to even more power than his dad did. But even if he doesn't, Carl Crawford 2.0 would be an amazing outcome.

Denzel Clarke - OAK, OF, 24.11 - It's hard to not see Lawrence Butler 2.0 here. The profiles aren't really close to exactly the same, but if you pan out far enough, we are talking about two uber athletes who the Athletics successfully worked with to lower their K rates. Butler did it quicker, and proved it in the majors, but Clarke is right behind, slashing .317/.387/.524 with 9 homers, 30 steals and a 23.5/8.6 K%/BB% in his final 73 games at Double-A. He's also a plus defensive CF, which is a big deal to get him on the field. A plus CF with elite athleticism, huge raw power, and improving strikeout rates? Sign me up right now, and quickly.

Jhostynxon Garcia - BOS, OF, 22.3 - I've actually seem Garcia start to pop up on the back of a few Top 100 Prospect lists recently, so respect to those that also recognize how underrated of a prospect Garcia is. I named him a major target in my End of Season Mailbag Podcast (Mailbag Podcasts start back up in March). The dude has thunder in his bat, he hits it hard, he's a really good athlete who can play CF, and the hit tool was pretty good at High-A (which also mostly transferred to Double-A). This is both a fantasy asset and a real life asset. Boston is loaded, so maybe he needs a trade, but on talent alone, this guy should easily be considered in that Top 100 Prospect range. Happy to see he is starting to get that respect, and this should just be the beginning.

Matthew Lugo - LAA, OF, 23.10 - Jo Adell is a target on this list, but let's be honest, who the hell knows if he's actually going to be able to hit enough. I'm happy to take the upside shot for fantasy, but with the very real possibility that he can't, it might open up the door for Matthew Lugo. And injuries can also so easily open the door for Lugo too (Mike Trout anyone). Lugo had a huge season at Double-A, and he had a big season in the minors in 2022 as well, so the guy can play. He has speed and is a good base runner. He doesn't hit the ball that hard, but he can lift and pull, and at only 23 years old, more could easily be coming. He only needs like another tick or 2 or EV to thrive with his type of profile. He gets very little respect, but there is both fantasy upside and some semblance of a path to playing time to make him a very enticing proximity target.

Wilfred Veras - CHW, OF, 22.4 - This one is just purely a talent and opportunity target. Chicago is desolate, so how in the world are they not going to give a shot to a guy like Veras with so much talent. The guy takes daddy hacks with big time raw power, and he's a good athlete at 6'2'' who loves to run. And there is nothing stopping him from running in Chicago. Well, his terrible plate skills might stop him from running, but even those were improving in the 2nd half, and he was only 21 years old at Double-A. He's another one of my favorite underrated proximity plays. 

Yeremi Cabrera - TEX, OF, 19.9/Andres Valor - MIA, OF, 19.5/Braylin Morel - TEX, OF, 19.2/Lisbel Diaz - SFG, OF, 19.8 - One thing I've noticed, is that DSL breakouts get a lot of hype, and full season ball breakouts get a lot of hype, but the stateside rookie ball breakout have almost gone the way of the dodo. Nobody cares about them. Or maybe it's that more and more often the best prospects are liable to skip over this level completely. Or likely some combination, but either way, these 4 guys are some of my favorite underrated rookie ball breakouts. All of them still have rawness and hit tool risk, but all of them have legit offensive upside and excellent stateside rookie ball production. They aren't as shiny as the DSL guys. And they aren't as refined as the full season guys. They have have a nice mixture of both though.

Michael Conforto - LAD, OF, 32.1 - I'm just going to drop my Conforto Top 1,000 blurb here, because it was written more in the style of my Target articles anyway: "If you missed out on Teoscar Hernandez' monster bounce back season, the universe is giving you another chance this off-season to rectify that mistake. It is nearly an exact replica of the Teoscar situation with Conforto this off-season. The Dodgers signed Conforto to a 1 year, $17 million contract, and it's almost like nobody else in baseball understands how ballpark factors work. I'm starting to think the Dodgers are so "smart" only relative to how dumb everyone else is. Conforto goes from the 28th worst park for lefty homers (SF) to the 6th best. He hit 3 homers at home vs. 17 on the road. I mean, come on. Could it get anymore obvious? Yes. Yes it can. He had a 11.8% Barrel%, a 90.2/95.4 MPH AVG/LD EV, 14.8 degree launch, a 74.1 MPH swing, and 24.2/8.6 K%/BB%. And he actually hit lefties better than righties last year, so there isn't that much platoon risk. There was no team out there willing to give him a 2 or 3 year deal? You let the Dodgers just do it again? He's a major win now buy target going for a song of a price. 2025 Projection: 77/25/84/.250/.338/.468/2"

Jorge Soler - LAA, OF, 33.1 - I'm also going to drop Soler's Top 1,000 blurb here, because it also doubles as my favorite Team Win O/U bet on the slate: "Soler got traded out of San Francisco, and magically the power returned with 9 homers in 49 games with Atlanta and only 12 homers in 93 games with SF (and only 4 homers in 49 games at SF-Oracle Park). This is why I like Conforto so much. Bad ballparks can simply crush power hitters. Soler signed with the Angels this off-season (Top 10 ballpark for righty homers), so he landed in a great spot. He absolutely crushes the ball with a 12.6% Barrel%, 90.5 MPH EV, and an elite 75.4 MPH swing, he lifts it with a 17.9 degree launch, and his contact rates have stabilized for a while now with a 24.6/11.8 K%/BB%. I'm looking at the Angels lineup right now, and I actually like it a ton if things breaking right. Trout can't stay healthy and Neto already might not be ready for the start of the season, so banking on things breaking right might not be a good bet, but I'm just saying. Christian Moore is waiting in the wings too, and Mathew Lugo ain't chopped liver either. They signed Kikuchi and Jensen, Soriano is a favorite of mine, and they have pretty damn good rotation depth in the minors. It's not a high end rotation, but it's kinda deep. I gotta say, with a Win O/U at 71.5, that could be my favorite O/U on the slate. I can't in good conscious recommend you follow in my footsteps, but I'm in on that (and you know I'm crazy enough I'll pop that WS long shot bet on them too ha). - 2025 Projection: 80/28/80/.242/.330/.471/1"

Relief Pitcher

Emmanuel Clase - CLE, Closer, 27.0 - There is clearly no excess value on Clase in fantasy, but there sure is on his saves betting line. I feel like saying Clase is 50/50 to lead the league in saves is conservative. He's led the league in saves in 2 of the past 3 seasons, and last year he barely lost, and was head and shoulders above 3rd place. He's a saves machine (42, 44, 47) in a league where things are going in the opposite direction for most bullpens. So I absolutely love the +700 odds on his leading the league in strikeouts. 7/1 just seems way off to me.

Seth Halvorsen - COL, Closer Committee, 25.1 - I feel wrong even saying it, but I think Halversen is my favorite low key saves target. He pitches in Coors, which is why my gut hates it, but my bias against Coors pitchers isn't quite as high for relievers as it is for starters. So I'm willing to take a cheap shot here, and another reason why I like him, is because if he hits, he could lock in this role for years to come. He has a classic back end arm profile, and he was successful in his MLB debut. There is still risk if he even has the job, so make sure this is actually a cheap pick, but he's my top cheap dynasty saves target.

Mason Montgomery - TBR, Setup, 24.10 - Montgomery is my top non closer target relative to value. Tampa is far from locked in at not only closer, but their entire back of the bullpen, and Montgomery just looks like that absolutely next level filthy arm that I could easily see breezing right past everyone else in that bullpen. He went full Josh Hader after being transitioned to the bullpen mid season. I'm targeting him in all league types.

Prelander Berroa - CHW, Closer Committee, 25.0 - Berroa was one of my reliever targets last year too, and it straight up didn't work out at all, so I'm hesitant to go back to the well here, but the same things I liked about him last off-season are still present this off-season. Namely, opportunity and upside. Chicago's bullpen is nothing but trash. Their projected closer, Justin Anderson, put up a 4.39 ERA in 53.1 IP in 2024 and has a career 4.63 ERA in 155.2 IP. I think I could beat him out for the role. So surely Berroa can too, and Berroa has that no joke near elite closer upside with unhittable vicious stuff and big time K rates. He's a wild man, so there is for sure so much risk, but I'm going to take that shot again in 2025.

Tony Santillan - CIN, Setup, 28.0 - This one is pure gut, as Santillan is just one of many options in Cincinnati, but I don't trust Alexis Diaz at all, a few of their other best options are lefties, and Emilio Pagan has really only been solid in his career. Santillan could be the one to truly standout and just kick the door down to that closer role at some point. There are so many other guys there though, that it's hard to really count on that.

Robert Garcia - TEX, Setup, 28.10 - I want to wait for David Robertson to sign somewhere before really rubber stamping this, and Garcia also had some forearm irritation recently, so that is another hiccup, but the bottom line is that Garcia might be Texas' best bullpen arm right now. And they do have other solid lefties in their pen. Even if he doesn't win the role outright, I could see a full blown committee situation where he lands plenty of saves. If Robertson doesn't sign here, all systems go, but it seems like such an obvious fit I want to wait before getting too crazy here.

Targets from my FYPD Target & Strategy Guide (with their original write-ups)

Braylon Payne - MIL, OF, 18.8 - Payne is a popular target at this point, but I still feel like he is worth pointing out as the guy who is really setting off target alarm bells for me. Big raw talent, good debut, young for class, good organization, both floor and upside ... it just seems like he could truly explode. Trading up into this range just to grab him isn't the worst idea

Griffin Burkholder - PHI, OF, 19.7 - If you read the first iteration of the FYPD rankings right after the draft, and then read the in-season dynasty baseball rundowns, you watched my love for Burkholder just keep growing. He looked so electric in every video I could find, and then he had an electric pro debut. Granted it was just one game, so there is a lot of risk here, but I really love his upside. He's a particular target in this tier

Yorger Bautista - SEA, OF, 17.6 - Gonzalez is the consensus top international prospect, so he probably won't end up a great value in drafts, but Bautista could possibly be had very very late depending on the draft. He's my top international target this year. I think my blurb sums him up the best, so I'll repeat it here in case it got lost in the shuffle on the larger rankings:

"Bautista looks like he was born with a bat in his hands when you watch him swing. He moves that bat in a totally controlled way like a samurai warrior, coolly crushing everything that comes his way with both power and contact. He was always known for his good feel to hit, and then he got much bigger and stronger at a rock solid 6'1'', 175 pounds, so he can end up with a truly potent hit/power combo. Then tack on the fact he also has plus speed, and you have one of, if not the most enticing prospects in the international class. I have Gonzalez #1 one right now, but Bautista is 1A for me. It's a coin flip with the tie going to Gonzalez' superior perceived value. I don't think you are going to have to go even close to this high to grab Bautista. - ETA: 2030 Prime Projection: 91/25/93/.277/.351/.473/21

Mike Sirota - LAD, OF, 21.10 - Sirota feels very Alex Freeland-y to me now that he was targeted by the Dodgers. Freeland was a target for me in this here FYPD Target & Strategy Guide in his draft year, and I'll make Sirota one too. Although Sirota is far more hyped already because he was a possible 1st round pick and even top 10 option before his mediocre junior year. In the Dodgers we trust.

Rodney Green - OAK, OF, 22.0 - The Athletics have done really well with Lawrence Butler and Denzel Clarke (and to a lesser extent, Henry Bolte too), so they know what they are doing with toolsy power/speed combos with hit tool risk, and Green perfectly fits that prototype. Super fun college upside bat to take at a reasonable price. He's the discount Vance Honeycutt. Pass on the Honey, and hit the Green.

Deivid Coronil - SDP, SS, 17.6/Braylin Antunez - MIL, OF, 17.4/Kenny Fenelon - MIL, OF, 17.6 - These are my favorite international prospects in the less hyped tiers. If Coronil adds power, and his build suggests he will, watch out. Antunez and Fenelon are explosive athletes on a team that just churned out Chourio and Made. I just really like the look of all three of these guys.