Hitter Targets Part 2 (SS/3B): 2025 Dynasty Baseball Position by Position Target Series

New
February 17

It's Target Week on the Brick Wall! Starting Pitching Targets and Hitter Targets Part 1 (2B/1B/C) were completed last week. And now it's time to turn our attention to the left side of the infield. Here is Part 2 of the Hitter Targets (SS/3B):

Shortstop

CJ Abrams - WAS, SS, 24.6 - I gotta be honest, I'm not sure I really see an MLB SS that is both very underrated and projected to be very impactful in all league sizes. Of course, I think plenty of guys could be a bit higher or lower, but in the grand scheme of things, I think the MLB SS market is fairly priced. So I include Abrams here because I do believe he is getting underrated, but at the same time, I highly doubt his current owner is going to offer much of a discount. And you may be able to get him at a good price in a startup, but it's not like you are going to be able to get some steal of a price. You will still need to use a pretty high pick. I guess a guy like this falls into a shallow league target, and again, I do seem to be the high guy on Abrams right now, so let's dive into why. First, I believe his suspension at the end of last season is getting overblown. This kid was in the majors by 21, put up a 18/47 season at 22, and then went 20/31 with a 107 wRC+ at 23. I'm not buying that he doesn't have a good work ethic, and to underscore that, here is a great article from Jessica Camerato on how Abrams gained 10 pounds of muscle this off-season, how the team still loves the kid, how he handled the suspension exactly how you hope a good person would handle it, and more. That article answers the two biggest questions for Abrams (or at least answers them the best it can without actually seeing it in action, but once you see it in action, the value is gone), which is gaining more power, and having his head on straight. I do believe there is a bit of discount to be had this off-season, and if you can take advantage of that, I would be all over it.

Oneil Cruz - PIT, OF/SS, 26.6 - Cruz is in the same category as Abrams. I named Cruz a target last off-season, so obviously last year was the time to buy in, but I do get the sense he doesn't get the love that the other top young breakouts get, and he just might be the most exciting of them all. A 78.6 MPH swing with a 95.5 MPH EV? We are talking all time numbers there. He has 1,009 PA with a .250 BA too, so that seems pretty stable to me. And a 28.8 ft/sec sprint with elite base stealing skills (22 for 23)? I mean, shut the fuck up hah. This is like cheat code build a player. If say Wyatt Langford was on one side of a trade, and Cruz was on the other, I would say those guys have even value and cancel each other out. I'm not sure Cruz is truly valued like that, which is why he deserves to crack this target article, even if it's not like he's going at some steal of a price.

Trey Sweeney - DET, SS, 24.11 - Now that we got the MLB studs out of the way, let's dive into a true underrated MLB SS. Sweeney didn't dominate the minors, but not every player has the skillset to dominate levels. Some players can be MVP's in the minors, and can't hit a lick of MLB pitching. While some players can be solid starters in the minors, and also be solid starters in the majors. I feel like basketball is the easiest sport to understand this clearly. Undersized guards can dominate college ball, and be the best players on their team by far, but in the NBA they get eaten up. Meanwhile, the 4th best player on the college team, the 6'9'' 3 and D wing, can also be the 4th best player on an NBA team. It's not as easy to identify in baseball, but Sweeney fits that build. He doesn't have the launch or the contact rates to put up those gaudy minor league numbers, but he proved his skillset will transfer to the majors with hard hit (46.8% Hard Hit%), speed (28.2 ft/sec sprint), good D, and solid enough K rates (26.9% K%). And just like the 6'9'' 3 and D wing, Sweeney has the size and athleticism of a major league. He was the former 20th overall pick in the draft, and he's 6'3'', 212 pounds with a double plus 74.1 MPH swing. We already know he doesn't have the skillset to dominate, but he can play good defense and hit the open three ... er, he can play good defense, hit the ball hard, and run. That will play at any level. He can have value in all league sizes, but is even more of a target in medium to deeper leagues.

Emil Morales - LAD, SS, 18.6 - Jesus Made this. Jesus Made that. Made, Made, Made. But what if it is Morales who ends up the true star. Made hit 6 homers in 51 DSL games ... cute. Morales hit 14 in 46 games. There is nothing cute about that. Morales had a 27.5% GB%. Made's was 48.6%. Morales is a 6'3'' beast. Made ain't that big. Made has the hit tool edge for sure, but I find trusting DSL contact/hit tool evaluation is the most precarious of any of the DSL stats/skills to predict at higher levels. We know Morales has some hit tool issues, and we know he has monster power upside. Made's upside depends much more on that hit tool, and you know me, I'm most hesitant to buy into hit tool. Now, I'm being a bit over the top here, because you know I love Made too, and I'm in on Made, ranking him over Morales, and in my Top 40. But the point here is that Morales doesn't get even a smidge of Made's hype, so you can get them both. Pay up for Made, and then scoop Morales much later. It's not an either or scenario.

Joswa Lugo - LAA, SS, 18.2/Yolfran Castillo- TEX, SS, 18.2/Yairo Padilla - STL, SS, 17.9/Elvin Garcia - BAL, SS, 18.2/Jhonny Level - SFG, SS, 18.0/Luis Pena - MIL, SS/3B/SS, 18.4 - What the major leagues lack in great undervalued SS targets, the DSL is picking up the slack. Jackson Chourio was named in this "DSL breakout" section a few years ago, and this section is often where you find the shooting stars. They can also flame out in the blink of an eye, but hey, no pain, no gain. All 6 of these guys have the potential to explode with strong showings stateside. Lugo got the huge signing bonus, looks the part, already has power, is a good athlete, and performed well. Those are most of the boxes you want to see checked when diving into this market. Padilla is already getting a ton of hype after coming into camp much bigger, giving hope that power explosion is coming. Castillo got a taste of stateside rookie already, which tips Texas' hand about how much they love him, and he's got the scouts dream build at a projectable 6'3''. Garcia is the most underrated of the bunch, so if you are talking pure value, I think he has the best pure value of this entire crew. Level was a statistical beast in the DSL with across the board domination. He doesn't have the size or athleticism of these other guys, but he's a good athlete, and there might some good old fashioned little man discount going on here. And Pena was a hit/speed breakout whose swing looks damn dangerous to me, and he's not super small or anything at 5'11''. This could be the group where we find the next blow up. Take a lotto ticket or two here.

Brandon Winokur - MIN, SS/OF, 20.5 - I love shopping in the forgotten/ignored Unicorn aisle, and Winokur fits in perfectly here. Shit, even his name is close to a mythical beast, the Minotar. Maybe we should create a new category of mythical beasts. Winokur isn't a Unicorn, he's a Minotar. And he honestly looks way more like a Minotar than Unicorn at 6'6'', 210 pounds. He has huge current power, he's a great athlete who steals bags, and he plays SS. The playing SS part is really one of the coolest parts of the profile, and while he's highly unlikely to stick there, even the fact he's there now says a lot. This is a very very very unique athlete. He's already a Top 100 prospect for me, and he could be a universal Top 100 prospect very quickly.

Tai Peete - SEA, SS/OF/3B, 19.7 - I feel like we always love the guys who are young for their draft class, and then once they get into pro ball, we almost completely stop grading on that curve. It's like we stop caring. Peete is the same age as many of the high school bats in the 2024 class, and he already has a strong season at Single-A under his belt. He didn't blow the doors off, and he showed some rawness, but that is part of the profile when you are young for the class. Obviously the best thing is to be both young for the class, and refined, but that is where the value on Peete comes in. The athleticism is top notch, the production was solid, and let's give him that age to level bump that he deserves. He has explosion potential.

Felnin Celesten - SEA, SS, 19.7 - Celesten was an out of sight, out of mind target for me last off-season, and his value took a jump, but now that he's shown just a taste of that upside, he moves into "be super careful about trading him right now" territory. When a prospect like this has a jump in value, they can start to enter territory where they don't really get ranked like an elite or near elite prospect, but they are now enticing trade targets for other teams. I'm here to say, don't be the team to trade him. Like I said with Josue Briceno in the catcher targets (and Josue De Paula last off-season), now is the time when mistakes are made. Hang on for dear life.

Third Base

Max Muncy - OAK, SS, 22.7 - It seems clear as day to me that Oakland wants Muncy to win the starting 3B job, and if not win it out of spring, take it over at some point during the season (Tommy White could factor in here quicker than we think too, to be fair). I don't think this fact has really registered in the fantasy community at all. If it had, I doubt he would be going 806th overall in NFBC Drafts. He gets zero respect in dynasty circles too. He straight up might be one of the most underrated players in baseball right now. I don't think he's going to be a world beater, but he can definitely be an impactful, across the board contributor. He has a good SS glove, so he could be an asset in the field, and he's been an above average MiLB hitter despite being young for every level. When you are this aggressive with a prospect, especially one who projects to be above average and not necessarily great, their stats might not pop. Being above average is a really good sign. He should have an above average power/speed combo at peak, and while the hit tool isn't great, he hit .277 with a 24.6% K% at Triple-A as a 21 year old. Not bad. I really like Muncy as a low key target.

Gage Workman - CHC, SS/3B, 25.5 - It hurts me to put Workman on this list. Because one path to his playing time is if Matt Shaw struggles (Matt Shaw is a major 3B target for me, but I feel I beat that drum enough), and I just don't even want to put that possibility out into the universe. But Jackson Holliday just looked like crap, and he's just one example out of probably hundreds, maybe thousands that show any rookie can come in and look like crap. If that happens (or if injuries happen), Workman could get his shot, and he's kinda super interesting for fantasy. He's 6'4'', 202 pounds with a plus power/speed combo and big time production at Double-A. Chicago wouldn't have taken him 10th in the Rule 5 Draft if they thought his hit tool was hopeless. They clearly think there is hope there. And he's a lefty who hits righties better than lefties, so he could carve out a platoon role too. He's only a deep league play obviously, but he's a really fun, upsidey deep league play who might not be very far away from playing time.

Connor Norby - MIA, 3B, 24.10 - I was hesitant to truly bet on Norby's minor league barrel rates transferring to the majors considering his high strikeout rate and low EV, but he proved it will in fact transfer. Despite a 86.2 MPH EV and 33% K%, the guy put up a 14.8% Barrel%. And it was in 188 PA, so it wasn't a miniscule sample either. He can lift and pull with the best of them, and he hits it hard enough in the air to make the profile work. He's also lightning fast, which got undersold in the minors. There are still plenty of warts here, but proving the strengths will transfer is a big deal. If he can improve the hit tool, and gain some more strength, there could be some very fun fantasy seasons lurking in here. He's in a nice little target goldilocks zone right now.

Addison Barger - TOR, 3B/OF, 25.5 - Toronto has a ton of fringy guys, and predicting which one will emerge probably isn't something you even want to try to do, but my favorite one is Barger. I know Rodon is getting a lot of praise right now from Toronto at the start of camp, so maybe he ends up being the right guy to bet on, but I'm going to stick to my guns with Barger. Or maybe it's a case where they both are the right ones to bet on. But back to Barger, I was always visually blown away by his swing, and now that we see his 74.3 MPH bat speed, I'm even more in on it. It's not long either. The 70 wRC+ in his MLB debut was rough, but the underlying skills still shined through with an above average 8.7% Barrel%, a solid 12.1 degree launch, an above average 28 ft/sec sprint, and a really pretty good 27.6% whiff%. It doesn't feel like he is that far off from a big breakout, and it's not like Toronto doesn't have opportunity. Will Wagner is penciled in as the DH and they have Ernie Clement at 3B. Barger can also play some corner OF. I just want to keep betting on his bat.

Bryan Ramos - CHW, 3B, 23.1 - Ramos has been a target for me for awhile, and now that he's on the precipice of the majors, there is a nice little buy low window to jump on. He got off to the slow start in the minors, but he was raking in the 2nd half, so I would buy the down year. And he had a poor MLB debut, but the underlying numbers were actually encouraging with a 20.4% K%, 25.5% Chase%, a 90.1 MPH EV, an 11.8 degree launch, and a 28.7 ft/sec sprint speed. So I would buy on the poor debut too. This is a big (6'2'', 225 pounds) athletic dude with nothing but opportunity in Chicago. He's going to get his shot, and there is very real, impactful talent in here. I can't wait for the Ramos breakout.

Eric Bitonti - MIL, 3B, 19.5 - Bitonti is already in my Top 100, and he seems to be a lock to be a universal Top 100 prospect in short order. He's the 3 true outcome prototype at 6'4'', 218 pounds with tons of homers, walks, and strikeouts. And he already put up a 131 wRC+ in 28 games at Single-A as an 18 year old. He doesn't have the hit tool to ever truly be an elite power hitting prospect, but he'll be hovering around Top 50's in no time.

Shay Whitcomb - HOU, 3B, 26.6 - Whitcomb is a "if he had playing time" target for me. I named Alec Burleson in this section last, and he found his path. I also named Dominic Canzone, so you know, you win some and you lose some. Whitcomb is that man for me this off-season. The path isn't clear at all, but it was so encouraging to see his hit tool improvements from Triple-A transfer to the majors, even in a small sample. Because the rest of his profile has always been awesome with big time power, speed and athleticism. I don't know how or when he gets on the field, but if he does, I think he can do fantasy damage.

Targets from my FYPD Target & Strategy Guide (with their original write-ups)

Kale Fountain - SDP, 3B, 19.8 - Fountain is another target in this tier relative to draft slot. He's the next Brandon Winokur ... now granted, Winokur still has a lot to prove himself, but you get the point. Big guy and underrated athlete

Tytus Cissell - ARI, SS, 19.0 - I love it when I fire up video of a FYPD prospect and the electricity just jumps through my screen. That is Cissell with bat speed, foot speed, power, size, projectability ... his upside isn't nearly being given the respect it deserves, and it's likely because he was a late riser in the draft process. But these are 17/18/19 year old kids and improvements come fast. Cissell looks like a possible stud for a song of a price

Shotaro Morii - OAK, SS/RHP, 18.4/Chase Harlan - LAD, 3B, 18.9 - Morii and Harlan are two underrated power bats I like a ton. Morii gives me shades of Hideki Matsui. Harlan gives me shades of Austin Riley. They aren't getting the hype they deserve.

Deivid Coronil - SDP, SS, 17.6/Braylin Antunez - MIL, OF, 17.4/Kenny Fenelon - MIL, OF, 17.6 - These are my favorite international prospects in the less hyped tiers. If Coronil adds power, and his build suggests he will, watch out. Antunez and Fenelon are explosive athletes on a team that just churned out Chourio and Made. I just really like the look of all three of these guys

Ty Southisene - CHC, SS, 19.9 - I talked about Konnor Griffin pinging my gut and heart every time I pass him in the rankings, and while Southisene is just about the exact opposite type of player at the exact opposite end of the draft, I get that same little ping for Southisene. He's the quintessential little man discount as he's raked and been a standout performer everywhere he's been with a plus hit/speed profile. I think he's going to pop a bit at some point.

Kellon Lindsey - LAD, SS, 19.6/Tyson Lewis - CIN, SS, 19.3/Caleb Bonemer - CHW, SS, 19.6 - This FYPD Draft is packed with really good college talent in the Top 20, so if you go college player early, these high upside high school bats are great targets in the "middle" rounds. All of them are well liked, but none are hype beasts, so the value should be solid, and the upside is there to balance out that safer college prospect earlier in the draft.