Starting Pitcher Targets: 2025 Dynasty Baseball Position by Position Target Series

New
February 13

Jesus Luzardo - PHI, LHP, 27.6 - It seems like everyone has completely jumped ship on Luzardo, which is fine by me, because I'm going to scoop up all of those depressed shares at a steal of a price. The man has a career 30.8% whiff% and 8.4% BB%. I promise you, that is in rarified air. Even with last year's down and injured season, he had a 29.6% whiff% and 8.0% BB%. It's crazy that everyone just hates him now. He's a 27 year old with 2 near elite seasons in 2022 and 2023. He throws gas. HIs slider and change are whiff machines. The control is solid. He claims he's 100% from the back injury. Philly presumably looked at the medicals and traded for him, so that is another vote of confidence. The gap between what I believe his value should be, and what it is, might be the very largest of any pitcher in baseball right now. I actually just put a $7 bet to win $1,050 on him leading the league in strikeouts. I'm getting cocky after winning my Tarik Skubal bet last year hah. Skubal was the only one I bet on last year, but this year I did a few more fun ones too. I put another one on Schwellenback at $8 to $1,040, Grayson Rodriguez at $10 to win $1,110, and DJ Herz at $7 to win $1,050 (I actually thought the odds should be better on this one, but I love Herz, so I did it anyway).

Hayden Birdsong - SFG, RHP, 23.7 - I know plus control guys are all the rage these days, but there are so many solid plus control guys who get zero respect, go relatively late in drafts, and are pretty easy to acquire. But you know what isn't easy to acquire? Guys who rack up strikeouts. I've been K chasing since the day I was born, and I'm going to keep on K chasing. And Birdsong's value is flying so far under the radar for the type of strikeout upside he has. And not only upside, he's proven it in the majors. A 29.8% whiff% in 72 IP is in the elite range for a starter. His 3 secondaries (curve, changeup, slider) are excellent pitches and whiff machines. The 95.8 MPH didn't miss a ton of bats and got hit hard, but it actually had a +3 run value. I get it, he has below average control, and it was even worse in the majors, but he has a career 10.2% BB% in the minors, which really isn't that bad. I don't believe the 13.7% BB% he put up in the majors is his true talent level, and keep in mind he was only 22 years old in 2024. I know everyone ignores age for pitchers, but it matters, and we've seen plenty of pitchers continue to refine their control/command as they age. His career is just getting started. Size, age, strikeouts, multiple bat missing secondaries, gas, minor league dominance, semi MLB proven, great pitchers park ... I mean, there is just soooooooo much to love here, and his one weakness is dropping his value sooooo much lower than it should ... tweet, tweet ... I love me some Birdsong.

Jose Soriano - LAA, RHP, 26.6 - Remember everything I just said about K chasing until the day I die? Forget all of it ;) ... because Soriano and his 20.7% K% is up next on my target list (these aren't in order or preference by the way). And for the control artist aficionados, yea, he doesn't have that either with a 9.6% BB%. Sometimes you gotta buck the trend and open your mind, and Soriano has all of the other skills you look for in a breakout that isn't K/BB. Most notably, he keeps the ball on the ground with a negative 0.9 degree launch. That led all qualified starters and it was 4th best for all qualified pitchers. He does it with a 97.7 MPH worm killing sinker that put up a negative 8 degree launch. Worms have written documentaries about the terror he's unleashed on their people. He can also miss bats when he needs to with a knuckle curve that put up an elite 40.2% whiff% (and a lesser used splitter and slider that are whiff machines). Having a true elite skill, and not only elite, best in baseball, is a big deal. Sure, that elite skill isn't strikeouts or walks, but the next best thing is keeping the ball on the ground, and Soriano does that better than anyone else in the majors. And it's not like that's all he has. Huge target.

Clay Holmes - NYM, RHP, 30.4 - Just look at the list of reliever to starter transitions in 2025. Michael King. Garrett Crochet. Reynaldo Lopez. Jose Soriano. AJ Puk. Jordan Hicks ... I'm probably missing guys, but that is a damn good track record. All of those guys went for a great value last year (except for Jordan Hicks, who happened to be the one guy in that group who I was out on). I'm not trying to reinvent the wheel here. I'm going to keep going to the well of what works, and scooping up the great value on reliever to starter transitions is what works. Honestly, these days, the difference between starting and relieving has never been closer. It really doesn't feel like that huge of a hurdle to jump, and the plus is that these guys are already proven against MLB hitters. When push comes to shove, these relievers know how to get an out. And just cross your fingers their arm holds up. And even better when they are former starters, like Holmes, who has a starters pitch mix and are actively adding in more pitches this off-season. I'm so easily targeting Holmes.

Kris Bubic - KCR, LHP, 27.7 - Bubic is a former starter, with a starter's pitch mix, who is getting transitioned back into the rotation after putting up a 32.2/4.1 K%/BB% in the bullpen ... Blurb over. He's super cheap. Get him. Simple. What more do you need to know? You like missing bats? He put up a 30.5% whiff%. You like a good fastball? The 93 MPH fastball put up a .230 xwOBA and 34.7% whiff%. Secondaries? The changeup was elite and missed bats. The slider was elite and induced weak contact. Control? That 4.1% BB% was elite. Will it all transition into a starting role? Who knows, but at his current price, he's such a no brainer target.

Grant Holmes - ATL, RHP, 29.0 - Holmes was the 22nd overall pick in the draft and just had a great rookie year. He should be mega hyped. Why is he so underrated? Oh yea, because he got drafted in 2014. But baseball doesn't care about your timelines. Development often has a mind of it's own, and if it took Holmes 10 years to develop, that is how long it took. Late career breakouts are one of my favorite things about baseball. Maybe it's because I'm also a late career breakout ;) ... But back to Holmes, his rookie year was no joke, and that includes both a starting and reliever role. A 32.4% whiff% is elite. He has good velocity, the fastball performed well, the control was double plus, he has two 40%+ whiff breaking balls, and a smart organization has given him the vote of confidence by making him a favorite for a rotation spot. I wish this happened in 2015 too, but man plans, and god laughs. It happened in 2024, and in 2025 he's going to take it up another level.

Tink Hence - STL, RHP, 22.8 - Maybe it's prospect fatigue. Maybe it's Maybelline. Maybe it's that his first name sounds like a kid's toy. But it just seems like everyone is lukewarm on Hence, and I don't really see why. Injury risk is the main one, but I know in the major leagues everyone is kinda realizing predicting injury risk is a fool's errand (hello Chris Sale, goodbye Gerrit Cole), and the same should apply to the minors. Hence isn't even that small of a guy. The dude is an uber athletic 6'1'', 195 pounds with a completely fine build to my eyes. He's not a string bean. I don't really understand the size complaints. And the stuff is straight filth. And he dominated Double-A with a 2.71 ERA, 2.62 xFIP, and a 34.1/8.1 K%/BB% in 79.2 IP. I mean, what's the hold up. I've had so many people tell me how late they were able to scoop Hence in their dynasty drafts ... and then say, "you better be right!" hah ... I mean, maybe he ends up hurt and I'm wrong, but for his current price, I'll take that risk all day.

Sean Burke - CHW, RHP, 25.3 - The small sample pitching MLB debut is the gift that keeps on giving. I've been writing up that little nugget of strategy for years now, and it just keeps paying off. It seems to me that pitchers establishing their skills will translate to the majors, even in a very small sample, is just a great indicator for their future. Obviously it's not perfect. But when we are talking about pickups, that is the stuff that turns into gold. It takes months for a pop up pitcher's value to catch up to their real value, and unfortunately, since Burke's small sample breakout came at the very end of the season, it gave everyone those months to catch up and realize he's a good target. The hype is brewing a bit, and in wins league, he's fucked with Chicago. But he's basically Spencer Arrighetti-like with much fewer innings for everyone to full buy in on.

Aaron Ashby - MIL, LHP, 26.10 - With news that Brandon Woodruff won't be ready for the season, we might be in 5 alarm target territory for Ashby. His electric stuff finally came all the way back after shoulder surgery, and he obliterated the majors in a pen roll with a 1.37 ERA and 36.8/3.9 K%/BB% in 19.2 IP. He wasn't as good as a starter earlier in the season, but the stuff was still there in longer outings. There is no guarantee he can succeed in a starting role due to control and injuries, but by golly, that upside is no doubt worth the shot at his current price. This was a hyped young arm who had injuries derail his career, and now he's showing signs of being completely healthy. The opportunity might be there too now. I'm in.

Drew Rasmussen - TBR, RHP, 29.8 - I know I didn't even rank Rasmussen all that high, but there is always that one guy who pings my gut after the rankings get released, and that guy is Rasmussen right now. I think I just got too caught up in his lack of innings, but why am I all of sudden so torn up about possible lack of innings with Rasmessen? I'm an upside guy, and Rasmussen so clearly has that. And he's proven it on the MLB level in the past, and he's proven the skills are back in 2024. What's my hang up? I have him at #316, which actually is a pretty decent ranking, but maybe that should be 75 spots higher. With injuries, it's very likely he ends up in the rotation at some point (assuming he's not the one injured ;), and he might win the job outright. He's worth the risk at his price as it seems everyone is kinda one foot in, one foot on him. I think I'm ready to go two feet.

Ryan Weathers - MIA, LHP, 25.4 -  I went to the experts on this one. I texted my college buddy and league mate, Richard, who is a meteorologist, to predict the future Weathers forecast. He texted me back, "You're an idiot. Lose my number." ... so I guess I'm on my own here, but what I see, is that Weathers is flying well below the radar. A guy like this doesn't grow on trees. He's 6'1'', 230 pounds with a 95.9 MPH fastball, 2 plus to double plus secondaries in his changeup (37.9% whiff% with a .243 xwOBA), and sweeper (51% whiff% with a .208 xwOBA), and above average to plus control (6.5% BB%). That is a profile that is extremely hard to find. He didn't blow the doors off in 2024, but he clearly broke out with a 3.63 ERA in 86.2 IP. Board up the windows, because my Weathers forecast is that a Category 3 Hurricane named Ryan is about to hit South Florida (hah, my bad, I'm just in silly mood right now).

Ben Brown - CHC, RHP, 25.7 - I just can't buy for one second that Chicago views Brown as a reliever long term. It really makes zero sense. The guy just put up a 3.58 ERA with a 28.8/8.6 K%/BB% in 55.1 IP in basically a starting role. The stuff is filthy, and while it was a two pitch mix, he has a changeup, cutter, sinker, and sweeper which he can continue to refine and up the usage on. And even with two pitches he was damn good in the role already. He destroyed righties with a .521 OPS, and he was damn good vs. lefties too with a .681 OPS. Banishing him to the bullpen just seems so ridiculous to me. Honestly, if the Cubs are smart, and Brown shows out in Spring, I don't see how he doesn't win the 5th starter job. But even if he doesn't, I have to believe he gets his shot eventually. I'm using his role uncertainty to jump on any possible discount here. I guess I understand the hesitation on his value, and of course pitchers are so volatile anything can happen, but I just don't really get why everyone is so reluctant to buy in.

Jedixson Paez - BOS, RHP, 21.2/Chen-Wei Lin - STL, RHP, 23.4 - Paez and Lin are my two favorite lower minors arms who don't get nearly enough hype. Both have no joke upside. Lin is an athletic 6'7'' with truly nasty stuff. The fastball sits mid to upper 90's, he has a diverse pitch mix, the secondaries miss bats, and he pitched damn well. This dude could legitimately be a near elite pitching prospect by next year. I absolutely love him. Paez has a very different profile. He's the K/BB King with a 29.0/3.1 K%/BB%. He's projectable, he has a super fun, athletic delivery, and he has 2 potentially plus secondaries. If the velocity ticks up, which it so easily could with strength gains, there is major "pop up" pitching prospect potential for him in 2025. These are the two guys my heart and mind just keep coming back to. I think they can blow up.

Spencer Arrighetti - HOU, RHP, 25.2/David Festa - MIN, RHP, 25.3/DJ Herz - WAS, LHP, 24.3 - I do my best to give truly actionable, under valued targets in these posts. I'm not just trying to identify breakouts, because if everyone has also identified them as breakouts, there really isn't any target value there. You can read my rankings to see how I value everyone and my thoughts on players. These posts are for guys I think there is real value on the bone. I say that, because I'm not so sure Arrighetti/Festa/Herz are going to be very underrated. Arrighetti in particular seems highly valued, while Festa and Herz maybe I can see saying they are underrated, but I don't feel comfortable enough to act like I'm inventing fire here with these guys. Herz and Arrighetti were former targets of mine, so it's cool to see them blow up. Festa I loved too, but a lot of people loved him, so can't really take any special credit there. But point being, these guys are fun enough where I didn't just want to leave them off. Big strikeout upside and relatively proven on the MLB level. These are the guys I love filling my rotation out with in drafts if you don't pay up for the hyped up aces. So maybe I could say they are fairly priced targets.

Bryce Miller - SEA, RHP, 26.8/Hunter Greene - CIN, RHP, 25.8/Grayson Rodriguez - BAL, RHP, 25.3 - This section is for my shallow leaguers out there. I can't in good conscious claim these guys are sleepers or anything, but my read is that they are a bit underrated. When we are talking top guys, "underrated" is relative, but in a startup draft, I have a feeling I might end up with a lot of them when I pass on all of the top hyped guys. Miller just feels like he can explode in 2025. Greene exploded in 2024 and nobody seems to care. And Grayson's explosion is straight inevitable. They are shallow league targets.

Daniel Espino - CLE, RHP, 24.3 - Kumar Rocker just came back from the abyss and went from a complete afterthought to an elite pitching prospect in the blink of an eye. Just look at Aaron Ashby who was written off after shoulder surgery, and is now back on the true 5 alarm target radar. The Espino situation isn't exactly the same, but that gives a window into two possible outcomes for Espino. If Espino's value held up at all, I also would be scared off by the injuries and surgeries, but everyone has completely given up on him. And while obviously there is risk, there is also a chance he does in fact come back healthy from all of this. He's still young. And his stuff was so insanely elite, that it could legitimately take 2 steps back and still be nearly elite. The dude was also known for his work ethic, so you know if it's possible to get healthy again, he will do it. He's probably a free pickup in most leagues. Putting him on the bottom of your roster and seeing what happens is the move here.

Sawyer Gipson-Long - DET, RHP, 27.4 - I already gave my Sawyer Gipson Long Target thoughts in the 19 Dynasty Baseball Thoughts/Strategies for 2025, and it's basically the same story as Espino. Out of sight, out of mind hit these guys hard, and of course I understand the surgeries scared people off, but you gotta give a little leeway to see if they can return healthy. He's been given up on, but he's worth the super cheap price right now.

Moises Chace - PHI, RHP, 21.10 - Chace's hype has progressively started to build, but that is a good thing, because he's still not really all that hyped, and when he comes out throwing flames in 2025, his trade value is going to explode. I absolutely loathe to trade elite hitting prospects. But I love to trade pitching prospects right as they are hitting the crescendo of their hype peak. Those guys are the ones you have to use as bait if you want to land impact win now pieces. And Chace could be a super hyped, fun piece of trade bait by mid-season. And of course, keeping him is just fine too, as the guy does nothing but rack up strikeouts.

Winston Santos - TEX, RHP, 23.0/Jonah Tong - NYM, RHP, 21.9/Yordanny Monegro - BOS, RHP, 22.5 - I could have combined this group of pitching prospects with the next group of pitching prospect targets below, but I feel like each of these guys have that little something extra that I just like about them more. Santos has a mid to upper 90's bat missing fastball that destroyed Double-A, and his control has consistently been above average at every stop of his career. The secondaries can miss bats too. His upside is way underrated. Tong doesn't throw mid to upper 90's, but his fastball is still a vicious bat missing weapon, the curve is filthy, and the has a diverse pitch mix. Real upside here. Monegro has an absolutely hellacious and intimating delivery from a 6'4'' frame that he fires mid 90s heat and a bevy of bat missing secondaries from. All of these guys have top 100 talent, and none of them sniff the top 100.

Mason Barnett - OAK, RHP, 24.5/Steven Zobac - KCR, RHP, 24.5/Joey Cantillo - CLE, LHP, 25.3 - Like I wrote above, I could have grouped these guys with the above pitching prospect, but these guys are more in the proximity play bucket for me. I don't feel their upsides are quite as high, but all of them fall into that bucket of pitching prospect I love shopping in. Really good stuff, upper minors production, and not much hype. Cantillo even proved in the majors, and Cleveland has plenty of shaky options in their rotation right now. These guys might be more for medium to deeper leagues, because I'm not sure they are going to be world beaters, but I think they can be solid.

Hyun-Seok Jang - LAD, RHP, 21.0 - I've banged the Jang drum for long enough that I don't want to linger too long here, but if Jang has like 2 good outings to begin 2025, his stock is going to soar in half a second. You don't even need to wait that long to know what you have here. If he keeps being a walk machine, sure, at that point, I get moving on. But just give him a couple months, because if the control clicks, my goodness.

Nick Lodolo - CIN, LHP, 27.2 - My blurb for Lodolo in the Top 1,000 sums it up the best: "The Eternal Buy Low is back at it again. It wouldn't be a dynasty baseball off-season without Nick Lodolo being a buy low candidate. I imagine that one day I will be in my 80's, and I will be writing about how Nick Lodolo Jr. is a great buy low candidate. Like father, like son (or maybe like grandfather, like grandson at that point). But back to this present timeline, it really is the same old story, different details."

Targets from my FYPD Target & Strategy Guide (with their original write-ups)

Ryan Johnson - LAA, RHP, 22.8 - Johnson is my top pitcher target in the draft, and while I know I said don't sweat it if you miss out on targets in this tier, I would be pretty pissed if I lose out on Johnson. He has uniqueness, size, production, elite K/BB, velocity, a wipeout secondary, and a diverse pitch mix. I mean, that is a lot of boxes to check. I really don't want to leave my drafts without him, and he gets almost zero hype, so you shouldn't have to reach too high.

Boston Bateman - SDP, LHP, 19.7/Blake Larson - CHW, LHP, 19.1 - I love me some funky lefties, and Bateman and Larson both have that uncut nastiness I am just drawn to. They are two of my favorite underrated high school arms in the class. I wouldn't reach for them, and you shouldn't have to pick them too high, so just wait for them to fall into your lap as late as possible. So be it if they get scooped before you.

Nate Dohm - NYM, RHP, 22.3 - Dohm is a sleeper even for 30 teamers it seems. It's like he doesn't even exist. Stuff, size, and budding breakout ... easy target super late.