19 Dynasty Baseball Strategies/Thoughts for 2025 (A Collection from the 2025 Dynasty Baseball Team Reports)

New
January 27

Every year I collect all of the dynasty strategy/thoughts from my Dynasty Team Reports in one easy to read post. It's linked to below on the Brick Wall. I also linked my previous strategy articles from 2019, 2021, 2023 and 2024 in the post.

The rest of this week will be Starting Pitcher Rankings Week. And then we move into Relief Pitcher Rankings Week. Which all culminates in the release of the Top 500 Prospects Rankings and Top 1,000 Dynasty Rankings. The festivities don't stop there though with Target Week, predicting the 2026 Top 50 Prospects list, 2026 Top 10+ FYPD Rankings, and so much more. But first, here is the link to the 19 Dynasty Baseball Strategies/Thoughts for 2025 (A Collection from the 2025 Dynasty Baseball Team Reports):

1) The little man discount has been one of the most profitable discounts over the years in Dynasty Baseball. I get it, because when you are watching a prospect, the ones who are massive human beings with insane tools are so very easy to identify and drool over. And I sure as hell love those unicorns as well (see my Kevin Alcantara blurb), but that doesn’t mean you should discount the truly electric little guys. Sure, if the EV data doesn’t back them up, discount away, but when the EV data does back them up, there is no reason to be so skeptical. Little man Corbin Carroll (5’10”) was my 3rd ranked FYPD prospect in his draft year because his EV data was impressive, and he still dropped to 16th overall in the draft. I remember when Carson Cistulli, formerly of Fangraphs, was extolling the virtues of the 5’9” Mookie Betts from before I was writing when nobody else was. The 5’9” Jose Ramirez was a target of mine when I was just playing the game of dynasty, not writing yet, and sure I didn’t keep him after his lackluster 2015 season, missing out on the beginning of his breakout in 2016, but clearly I was onto something. And no, throwing Ramirez back into the player pool before his breakout definitely doesn’t still eat at me almost 10 years later. Definitely not ;). Back to current day, just like Carroll, Matt Shaw fell to a way too low 13th overall in his draft year, and he’s still a bit underrated. Jett Williams is another worthy little man discount pick, as is Slade Caldwell in this year’s first year player draft. It’s the gift that keeps on giving, and until the right little men start getting valued correctly, I’ll keep on scooping those little cuties up at that discounted price.

2) I thought it would be fun to dive into some of the new bat speed data Statcast hooked us up with this season. The first and most obvious thing to jump out is that the top of the rankings are littered with the top power hitters and hard hitting players in baseball, often coming with lots of strikeouts. And the bottom of the rankings are littered with the best contact hitters in baseball, often coming with little to no power. But the real question is if a slow bat automatically eliminates you from hitting for power, and the answer to that is no, there are more than a few exceptions to the rule like Mookie Betts, Isaac Paredes, Marcus Semien, Will Smith, Jose Altuve, Jeimer Candelario, Cody Bellinger, Adley Rutschman, and Ozzie Albies. But as you can see, even with those guys, their power can be kinda variable from year to year. And there are not many of them on the bottom third of that leaderboard. And in fantasy especially where power rules the day, it’s clear that there is a definite advantage to going after guys who swing a fast bat. Some fun names at the top of those rankings to possibly target this season are Oneil Cruz, Garrett Mitchell, Jordan Walker, Jhonkensey Noel, Matt Wallner, Junior Caminero, Jo Adell, Jasson Dominguez, Zack Dezenzo, Tyler Soderstom, Trey Sweeney, Heliot Ramos, Triston Casas, Wilyer Abreu, Lawrence Butler, Hunter Goodman and Addison Barger. And here are some less fun names at the bottom of the rankings where it would seem to indicate a real power breakout might not be so easy: Nolan Schanuel, Jacob Wilson, Brooks Lee, Anthony Volpe (hmmm, uh oh, you better get back to lifting and pulling), Keibert Ruiz, Andrew Benintendi (I only include Benintendi because of course Benintendi is on this list, and of course Bo Bichette has below average bat speed too, who I started to comp to Benintendi’s career arc unfortunately), Bryson Stott, Brice Turang, Jake McCarthy and Andres Gimenez. Of course some of this is a choice. Guys who “swing for the fences” are going to swing faster, hit for more power, and strikeout more. Guys who swing slower are going to make more contact, but not hit for as much power. So I don’t think bat speed is necessarily a completely sticky thing if a player decides to change his approach to hit for more power or contact. We’ll have to keep an eye on this in future years as we continue to build on this data to see how often that happens exactly, and how often it’s successful. Really cool to have this data at our fingertips now.

3) There is no doubt that the renewed efforts of MLB trying to crack down on players lying about their age is very interesting as a baseball fan, and just interesting in general. And there is also no doubt that age is a major factor when evaluating young players, and you see that with teams pulling their offers to some of the players who got caught. But at the end of the day (and the beginning of the day), it’s just not an area that I am looking to dive into and try to parse through. If your gut is telling you a player is older than they claim, feel free to make that gut call and move that player down your rankings, but even if my gut was telling me a player was older, I just couldn’t trust it enough to really act on it. I have to evaluate the player as their official age, and I have to rank them based on their official age as well. That’s just how I’m choosing to play it, and as I wrote in the Eduardo Tait blurb, this isn’t a new thing (remember Danny Almonte?). It’s how I’ve always been playing it, and I don’t think I’ve been burned by it too bad, although I guess I wouldn’t even know if I did. Ignorance is bliss ??

4) For even the most iron willed dynasty owner, it is a major gut punch when a prospect you love gets the call to the majors, struggles hard, and then gets sent back down to the minors. When it happens to an elite or near elite universally hyped prospect, it’s much easier to stay level headed and hold strong, but when it happens to a good, but not necessarily great prospect it can be much tougher to hold on. Trade value plummets for the non elite guys, and you start to question if their team truly believes in them, thinking they might not get another chance so soon. But let us use Lawrence Butler (and Parker Meadows too) as a lesson to not let a demotion rattle us if we still believe in a player’s skillset. Even elite prospects can struggle in their first taste or two of the majors, so certainly we need to give some grace for non elite ones as well. How to apply that for this season? Well, Ben Rice is staring us right in the face. Rice is not an elite prospect, but he is a relatively well liked one, and he took almost the exact same Butler path in the majors with great underlying numbers (15.6% Barrel%) and poor surface stats (.613 OPS in 173 PA). Admit it, you are questioning how much the Yanks really believe in him and if he will get another chance. I get it, because I am too, but I’m going to use Butler and Meadows as my pillars of strength to not be so quick to give up on Rice. I still like him long term, even with the Goldy signing.

5) While others may shy away or not trust the small sample MLB debut, I love going after it, because it creates a perfect combination of being proven on the MLB level and still being very underrated. Of course we all love the safety of a larger sample, but the larger the sample, the more everyone trusts it, and the more everyone trusts it, the less value there is. Pitchers in particular are great small sample targets. The list of pitchers to get called up, look extremely good in a few starts, and still take months to get the respect they deserve is extremely long. You just have to look at the value you could have gotten on Spencer Schwellenbach earlier in the season when I called him a major target extremely fast. Sean Burke is the target this applies to this off-season. Burke ain’t Schwellenbach, but you get my point. It’s worth it to stick your neck out just a bit to acquire these guys, because the payoff can be huge.

6) It’s no secret that I enjoy a good victory lap like Wade Boggs on horseback taking a victory lap around Yankee Stadium after beating the Braves in the 1996 World Series. Like Boggs, I also eat chicken before I write every article, and I also drink 107 beers on a flight before going 2 for 3 with 2 doubles just hours later. Come to think of it, maybe that was CJ Abrams problem. Not that he partied until 8 am, but that he went 0 for 3 right after that. Dude, we all know that if you are going to be a rebel, you better produce. Maybe he did deserve that punishment after all ;). Now where was I? Oh yea, victory lapping. While I do believe in celebrating your hits, I also believe in taking the walk of shame for your misses, so after horseback victory lapping James Wood and half ass victory lapping DJ Herz in the Washington Nationals Team Report, let’s kick off the first Dynasty Thoughts/Strategy section of the off-season by finding lessons in who I consider to be my biggest miss, Shota Imanaga. I had Imanaga pegged as a good, but not great MLB pitcher, giving him a projection of 11/3.91/1.22/175 in 160 IP. He ended up going 15/2.91/1.02/174 in 173.1 IP. I believe where I went wrong was that I overrated fastball velocity, and while to my credit, the 91.7 MPH fastball actually didn’t miss that many bats (17.5% whiff%) or induce weak contact (91.2 MPH EV with .327 xwOBA), it was still a positive value pitch with a 52% usage rate, and it came with elite control, an elite secondary (splitter), a diverse pitch mix, and a history of ace production in the 2nd toughest league in the world. I shouldn’t have let a low 90’s fastball blind me to how good and established the rest of the profile was, and also to the fact that the fastball was still pretty good despite the low velocity. This wasn’t my only miss, but I believe that every other miss I had, my process was good and I don’t regret my take on them. Imanaga is the only one where I’m disappointed in my evaluation, and I will be taking those lessons with me headed into 2025.

7) I didn’t plan on releasing my Angels team list on the same day that Fangraphs released their Angels list, but that is just how it fell. I actually love comparing and contrasting all of the different team lists that come out all around the same time. It’s interesting to see how value can change drastically based on a real life list vs. fantasy list. And it’s most interesting to see how each evaluator has their own biases, their own way of evaluating what a player will look like a few years down the line, and their own tools/skills/production which they weigh more or less heavily. In order to get the most value out of an evaluator’s list, it’s important to have some insight into their individual style. I definitely try to make it a point to let you in on that style. And you only have to have been reading me for like 5 minutes (see the Nolan Schanuel blurb) to know my biases, which is power/speed upside for days, hit tool risk be damned. I could give the scouting report on other evaluators and list their biases, but I don’t think that is my place. I will leave that up for you to decipher, and many of those other sources will also be clear about how they value certain things. So when you are looking at different lists, the ordinal number is only one part of the evaluation. Knowing why an evaluator may be higher or lower on a player due to how they lean in their evaluations can give better context into that ranking. I hope I convey that in my write-ups and projections, so regardless of where a player ranks, if you are looking for a certain profile (safety, hit tool, plate approach etc …), you don’t necessarily have to get caught up in a low ranking.

8) I find there is a constant push and pull between do I bet on the prospect who has an excellent hit tool, and needs to add power, or the guy who has monster power, but needs to improve the hit tool. Obviously it’s a case by case basis, but I do find prospectors generally end up in one camp or the other. Historically, on real life lists, plate skills used to rule the day, and guys with risky hit tools would get pummeled in the rankings. But even on real life lists, that has started to change over the years, and fantasy lists aren’t the same as real life lists anyway. Upside rules the day in the vast majority of fantasy leagues, whereas safety is much more valuable for a major league team. That is why I always leaned towards the power first, hit tool later profiles, rather than the other way around. But it’s completely reasonable to lean the other way too, and when looking at the top dynasty assets, it’s actually pretty even on where the top breakouts came from. Judge, Ohtani, Witt, Tatis, Elly, Gunnar, Carroll, Yordan are all players who had elevated strikeout rates in the minors to varying degrees and are now elite dynasty assets. Mookie, Jose Ramirez, Lindor, Tucker, Vlad, Soto, Turner, Devers all took the other path of hit tool first. You can argue how cleanly those players fit into those categories, but my point is, there are multiple ways to skin a cat, and there are multiple ways to build a successful dynasty team. My advise is that you can have a lean to one side or the other (like I mentioned, and like you know, I lean power first), but you should still mix and match with different profiles in your minor league system. For one, you never know who a potential trade partner is going to prefer, and it’s also nice to diversify the system a bit with different player types.

9) Does any sport tinker with the ball, the rules, the uniforms, the size of the equipment (bases), etc … more than baseball? I’m not even saying that I hate it. It’s kinda fun honestly that they are willing to try new things out for the betterment of the game, and overall, I think the changes they have made have been a net positive. So while I’m down for it, it makes preparing for every new season a whole lot more complicated. In last year’s Chicago Cubs Team Report Strategy Section, I wrote in part, “Jumping off from the Bellinger blurb, MLB changes the baseball every damn year, and I’m not even 100% sure they are truly in complete control of every change, as my understanding is that they manufacture new balls for every season. The juicier 2023 ball allowed mediocre exit velocity bats to come alive and be impact MLB hitters, but those type of hitters hold more risk coming into 2024 because we can’t be sure how the ball will play until we actually see it.” And right on cure, the ball was less juicy, and Bellinger went from 26 homers in 130 games in 2023 to 18 homers in 130 games in 2024. How will the ball play in 2025? Who the hell knows. I don’t even think MLB knows. Enter Brandon Sproat and Quinn Mathews, who were two big breakouts who saw their numbers drop off a cliff with the MLB ball at Triple-A. Triple-A is the only minor league level to use the MLB ball. The ball isn’t the only change for these young pitchers, so it’s hard to just isolate that one factor. Joining a new team, new league, new city, new home ballpark, and it being the very end of a long season are also complicating factors. My instinct is to not ignore the drop off in production, but also not to put too much weight on it. Sproat and Mathews are still extremely exciting pitching prospects, but I would be lying if I said it wasn’t in the back of my mind. Keeping up with all of the different balls and rule changes is just part of the game now.

10) Not so much a strategy or thought here, but the more I think about it, the more I’m kinda digging Sawyer Gipson Long. He very well might be freely available in many leagues, and you might be able to use an IL spot on him too depending on your league setup. Or just as a free stash in your minors. His MLB debut was no joke. That type of swing and miss is quite rare, even in 20 IP. His 28.5/6.1 K%/BB% in 341 minor league IP is really damn impressive too. He never got the respect he deserved, even from me, and even after that strong debut. I think a lot of people have more or less moved on from him, making it a perfect time to acquire him for nothing or probably almost nothing. If fully healthy, which is obviously a risk, it could be an extremely small gamble for a pretty big payoff.

11) I’ve already patted myself on the back for my futures bet of Tarik Skubal leading the league in strikeouts, and I nailed my Pittsburgh Pirates Wins Over bet, but my Cincinnati Reds Wins Over bet was a disaster the second their entire team started dropping like flies in March, and now is the time for me to take my Walk of Shame on that. Those were literally the only 3 future bets I made (with some Pirates and Reds WS bets sprinkled in just for long shot funsies), so overall it was a good showing, but the plan was to go perfect (at least on the Pirates and Reds wins bet), so I do have a bit of a sour taste in my mouth. If you would have told me that Hunter Greene and Elly would have the years they just had, I would have assumed the Reds were maybe one of the best teams in baseball, but baseball is a team game, and it didn’t play out like that. I could bemoan the injuries/suspensions and make excuses, but that is part of gambling, and a loss is a loss. I was absolutely perfect on these team O/U bets going on 3 years now, but this is a reminder that no matter how much it looks like a lock, anything can happen. Only bet what you can afford to lose. It is for entertainment only.

12) It’s extremely easy to get tunnel vision with pure player evaluation when making decisions in dynasty, but supply and demand should often be the driver of your decisions instead. How I rank players in my FYPD rankings, is the same order you will find them on my overall Top 500+ Prospects Rankings, which is the same order you will find them on my Top 1,000+ Dynasty Baseball Rankings. I try my darndest to give truly actionable rankings/content that fully incorporates how dynasty leagues operate in practice, rather than just in theory, and I know that when that point comes in a dynasty draft (usually around Top 400-ish area) where the supply of MLB starters dries up, especially MLB starters with some upside, it’s a feeding frenzy to grab them before they are gone. That is why Hye-seong Kim slots in high on my FYPD Rankings. Players like Kim who have a path to a full time job, and have some upside, are much more valuable to grab than one of the many, many, many high upside lotto ticket prospects you can grab later on. It’s just simple supply and demand. Kim doesn’t have the upside of many of the bats I have ranked after him on the FYPD rankings, and he definitely may come in and be underwhelming, but I still believe he’s worth taking the shot on at that point in the rankings. And I do personally like his profile too as a hit/speed/defense play. You have to take into account the environment of your league, and what is a bucket of player where the supply is limited (guys with jobs) vs. what is the bucket of player where there is plenty of supply (high upside prospects). This will change league to league though. In shallow leagues, low end MLB starters might be very easy to pick up all season, whereas high upside prospects are only available in a FYPD and they can’t be picked up during the season. That will change the equation for sure. Even in a shallow league though, I still think Kim has the skillset to make an impact. Regardless, you get the point. Make sure you understand what is hard to acquire in your league, and what is easy, and then slant your decision making process to best take advantage of that.

13) Evaluating Angel Genoa reminded me of a question I got asked on my August Top 327 Prospects Rankings Update from Zach Alexander. He asked, “Do you ever feel pressure to rank guys highly that are rising on everyone else’s rankings?” And I thought my answer could give at least some insight into my thinking on a guy like Genoa, who I don’t particularly love, but is also getting a lot of real life list love: “The short answer is yes, partially because trade value is a huge factor in dynasty when it comes to prospects especially, and arguably is more important than holding prospects, or at least equally important. So if someone is getting tons of hype that isn’t my favorite type of profile to go after, I might not rank him as the high guy, but they still deserve a solid ranking. And also partially because I’m human and if a ton of sources I respect love a guy, there might be something there that I’m undervaluing. But overall, I 100% make an effort to rank with a mind of my own and that is something I’ve done from my very first ranking. And something I constantly preach which is to have a mind of your own and value prospects with a mind of your own especially. I have no issue being low on guys (like Gabriel Moreno when he was getting elite mainstream love), and especially love being high on underrated, underhyped guys. Hitting on underrated, under ranked studs is definitely my favorite part of the game (like Mark Vientos).” … and beyond just ranking, this is also how I play the game. I won’t reach for a guy getting lots of real life love, but if they drop far enough, I know that I should be able to get solid trade return on them down the line. So even if I like another prospect more than them, I still might pull the trigger for trade value alone.

14) Low upside college bats are by far the least interesting bucket of player in first year player drafts for me. College bats are old enough where you can’t project very much upside on a player who has yet to show it. Even with hit tool first, lower upside high school bats you can dream of a possible power breakout in their age 19/20/21 year old season. With college bats, those seasons are already behind them, and the big power breakout didn’t come. Not to say it’s impossible to find untapped upside in your mid to late 20’s, we certainly see it often, but it’s not something to bet on when you are trying to strike gold. I always pack the back third of my FYPD Rankings with the mystery that is high priced international signings, and if your minor league system is deep enough, which it likely is if you are wading deep into the FYPD waters, why not take a shot on pure upside. Go for the high school bat or international prospect, even in deep leagues. You don’t need nine million prospects. It’s okay for a bunch of them to bust to clear out your system and then restock with the next group of lotto tickets. Because hitting on one of those lotto tickets, like Jesus Made, can be a franchise changer. Hitting on Griff O’Ferrall might not even leave a dent on your team.

15) After what Garrett Crochet and Reynaldo Lopez did this year (and Michael King too really), I foresee a feeding frenzy on relief to starter transitions during draft season in March. And since we live in a copy cat world, MLB teams might be more apt to make that transition with some of their leading candidates in the bullpen. Even with the increased attention that is likely coming their way, it will almost certainly still be an excellent category to find value in. Crochet and Lopez paid off humongously this year. Jose Soriano is still sliding under the radar as a very successful transition. Jordan Hicks and AJ Puk were two other popular transition picks who didn’t pay off, although Hicks still put together a solid year, and Puk just went back to being an elite high leverage reliever. Not the worst outcomes. Even with a pushed up price, it is worth going after these guys. I already named Aaron Ashby a major target in the Milwaukee Team Report, and a recent Jeff Zimmerman article just quoted Milwaukee brass as saying they still view him as a possible starter. That is huge. Adrian Morejon is another great candidate, and unlike Ashby, he has a path to a rotation spot out of Spring. It was already announced that Clay Holmes will make the transition, and I’m in for it. I will keep an eye out for more of these targets, but the best candidates become obvious pretty early on in Spring Training. Don’t underrate these guys when we find out who they are even if they feel pricier than last year’s candidates. There is enough value on that bone.

16) One of my main goals when naming targets is to find potentially core dynasty baseball assets at reasonable or cheap prices. I lumped Henry Davis in a “target tier” with Jordan Westburg and Parker Meadows last off-season. Westburg was the big hit there, Davis was the big miss, and Meadows landed somewhere in between. All of them should have come relatively cheap or at a reasonable price in your dynasty league. The goal isn’t for 100% of them to hit. That would be unrealistic. The goal is to hit on enough of them, and then the ones that don’t hit, you move on from and take a stab at another potential breakout. Now I know a lot of this is in theory. In practice, every league is different. I managed to scoop Westburg for free in my 12 teamer, and now he’s a core piece. In my 18 teamer, I had to trade 3 years of Bryan Woo for 7 years of Henry Davis where I desperately needed a catcher, and well, I’m kicking myself for that deal. Giving up Woo wasn’t “cheap,” and I still desperately need a catcher. As I mentioned in the Davis blurb, I don’t regret my process or take on Davis, but the lesson I’m taking away from his miss, is to make sure you really are acquiring these “underrated” young targets at the right price. If you start to reach too high, it eliminates a lot of the value you are hoping to get from them in the first place, and if they do bust, it hurts more than it should have.

17) I find that rostering steals only types creates more problems than they solve. For one, you only need to win the category by one steal, so blowing other teams out in steals doesn’t help you at all. And because you don’t want to overdo it with steals, it forces you into player acquisition choices (draft and trades) that might not really be optimal long term decisions. I already target balanced power/speed combos first and foremost, so I’m generally building a team that will compete in steals without rostering a steals only guy. They would really be overkill, so it’s not someone I would want to start often anyway. And in points leagues and leagues that have 6+ hitting categories, these types of players have even less value. So it’s not that I don’t think a prospect like Chandler Simpson or Enrique Bradfield can be valuable if they get playing time, it’s that I don’t think their value fits into my team building strategy. If you build differently, or you inadvertently ended up with a team that is extremely power heavy, then they might make more sense for your squad.

18) Man, I wish I had the Marlins in my dynasty leagues, giving up nearly elite upside starters (Jesus Luzardo) for light hitting speedsters (Caba and Body). I thought Caba was getting a bit overrated (certainly for fantasy), and obviously Philly didn’t view him as untouchable either. If you can pull the same sell high move for Caba that Philly just did, I would jump on it. As all dynasty owners know too well, I bet you there is another team out there going, “they sold Luzardo for that? My offer was 3 times better than that!!” hah. Also, hasn’t Miami acquired enough of these guys with Xavier Edwards, Otto Lopez, Jared Serna, Max Acosta, Javier Sanoja, Vidal Brujan, and more. I mean, how many of them do you need? How about targeting some impact. I get they have more value in real life, but still. I’m probably being overly harsh as it’s not like Caba and Boyd are devoid of upside,  but they have 6 total homers in 314 career games between the two of them. As for Luzardo, he was already one of my favorite bounce back targets in 2025, and I like him even more now that a good team was willing to trade for him.

19) I find it fitting to close this 2025 Collection out with what I wrote the day after Thanksgiving in the Kansas City Royals Team Report: “Considering it’s Thanksgiving break, I thought it would be fitting to use this section to give a MONSTER thank you to each and every one of you. When I started Imaginary Brick Wall back in December 2015, I had absolutely zero expectations, other than I wanted to write about what I loved, and hoped that I would attract readers that had those same passions. I wrote (and podcasted) for free for 5 years, and while I only got a few hundred views when I first started, even that was insanely cool to me. In my book, that meant I could officially call myself a writer! I again had zero expectations when I started the Patreon in 2021, and I can’t put my gratitude into words to see how many people wanted to support my work. It truly means so much to me, and I never take it for granted. I pour my passion and heart into every single piece of content I put out, and I will continue to do that until the day I hang up the keyboard, which will hopefully be never. I want to write until the day I leave this Earth, and thank you so much for allowing me to do that.”

-Halp