Boston Red Sox Team Report + A Hot Stove Roundup of all the latest moves

New
Dec 23, 2024

The Boston Red Sox Dynasty Team Report is up on the Brick Wall, and I did a Hot Stove Roundup in the Dynasty Strategy/Thoughts Section at the bottom of that post, but I thought I would just copy that part of the post here too. I dive into all things Sox today on the Brick Wall at this link: (https://www.imaginarybrickwall.com/boston-red-sox-2025-dynasty-baseball-team-report-top-10-prospects-interesting-mlb-guys-strategy-talk/

And here is the Hot Stove Roundup of all the latest moves I haven't dug into yet:

The Marlins trade Jesus Luzardo and Paul McIntosh to Philly for Starlyn Caba and Emaarion Boyd

Man, I wish I had the Marlins in my dynasty leagues, giving up nearly elite upside starters for light hitting speedsters. I thought Caba was getting a bit overrated (certainly for fantasy), and obviously Philly didn’t view him as untouchable either. If you can pull the same sell high move for Caba that Philly just did, I would jump on it. As all dynasty owners know too well, I bet you there is another team out there going, “they sold Luzardo for that? My offer was 3 times better than that!!” hah. Also, hasn’t Miami acquired enough of these guys with Xavier Edwards, Otto Lopez, Jared Serna, Max Acosta, Javier Sanoja, Vidal Brujan, and more. I mean, how many of them do you need? How about targeting some impact. I get they have more value in real life, but still. I’m probably being overly harsh as it’s not like Caba and Boyd are devoid of upside,  but they have 6 total homers in 314 career games between the two of them. As for Luzardo, he was already one of my favorite bounce back targets in 2025, and I like him even more now that a good team was willing to trade for him.

The Cubbies trade Cody Bellinger to the Yanks for Cody Poteet

This is a monster ballpark upgrade for Cody Bellinger. He goes from the 5th worst ballpark for lefty homers to the 7th best, and he needs all the help he can get with tons of flyballs and weak exit velocities. This is the exact ballpark that Bellinger can thrive in, and he’s coming from one that particularly depresses his skills. He had a .700 OPS at home vs. a .797 OPS on the road in 2024. I’m not saying you can bank on a monster season, but I am saying there is now some legit upside for it. His value gets a definite bump.

The Yankees sign Paul Goldschmidt for 1 year, $12.5 million

Once the Yankees lost Juan Soto, it was pretty clear they weren’t going to leave their 1B spot open, but signing Goldy to a one year deal is basically the best case scenario for Ben Rice. I already went over how much I like Rice, and without a long term option at 1B, that gives Rice 2025 to prove he should be the man in 2026 and beyond. Rice is a hold or cheap buy if you have the room on your roster or are in a rebuild. As for Goldy, his value doesn’t change as a still solid win now piece, but he’s a good reminder of how fast a players dynasty trade value can fall off as they get deeper into their 30’s. If you traded Goldy 2 years ago, or even last off-season, you could have gotten a pretty big return, but now, nobody is going to give you much. I’m just saying it could be a good time to put Freddie Freeman and Jose Altuve on the market while their value is still solid. It’s better to sell a year early than a year late.

The Rays trade Jeffrey Springs and Jacob Lopez to Oakland for Joe Boyle, Will Simpson, Jacob Watters and a Draft Pick

Leaving Tampa for Oakland is a big organization downgrade for Springs and Lopez, and that 100% isn’t only for development, that is for pitch calling, defensive alignment, etc … which all impacts production in a major way. But Tampa has a rotation logjam, so getting out is good for Springs in particular regardless of the downgrade. I don’t like him as much in Oakland without Tampa’s magic to maximize his skillset, and he already didn’t look great in 2024 with the velocity down, the K/BB rates down, and more elbow issues. He might be more name value than real value right now. I’m probably not buying unless he falls into my lap. As for the players going to Tampa, that is an upgrade for all of them. Boyle likely ends up in the bullpen, but a Tampa exec talked about being extra patient with guys like Boyle (huge upside), so who knows what Tampa can do. Simpson I already liked, cracking my 1B Rankings at 69th overall, and seeing Tampa target him in this return makes me like him even more.

The Rangers trade Nate Lowe to Washington for Robert Garcia and then signed Joc Pederson for 2 years, $37 million to essentially replace Lowe

Like every Nate Lowe dynasty owner, you only own Nate Lowe because you can’t figure out a better option. But Texas did the right thing, which is to just rip the band-aid off and move on. Lowe is a crutch, preventing you from thriving. Find your Jake Burger and Joc Pederson’s to replace the Nate Lowe’s on your team. The Nationals on the other hand were desperate enough for 1B that it made sense for them. Christian Walker and Goldy both seemed to reject them. Their former options were Juan Yepez and Andres Chaparro, which I’m not even sure how you run an organization and end up with those two as your best options at 1B. So Lowe clearly makes sense for them. I was semi interested in Chaparro if he made it through the off-season with a shot at the 1B job, but that is dead now.

Astros sign Christian Walker for 3 years, $60 million

Walker will be 34 years old for the 2025 season and he was a late career breakout, but I don’t blame Houston for shelling out $60 mil over 3 years when you see that elite 75 MPH bat speed. This is a truly special power bat, and he has bat speed to spare to give him a gentle decline. We all know Houston is great for righty homers too. Walker remains an excellent win now piece. Houston has decided they don’t want to go full rebuild, which complicates the path for some of their most talented youngsters, but their OF is still wide open, so I think there is still room for their best to find jobs (Melton and Dezenzo, in particular).

Baltimore signed Tomoyuki Sugano for 1 year, $13 million

Sugana is a 35 year old who just put up an 18.3% K% in 156.2 IP in Japan, so we aren’t talking about big dynasty value here, but he can easily end up a solid win now piece. Here is Sugano himself talking about his arsenal and strategy in an MLB.com article by Adam Berry, “Obviously not a guy that throws 100 mph, but I’m very confident in my control, command, my pitch mix. That’s why I’ve had a lot of success in Japan. I’m not looking to really change anything now. I want to use my pitch selection, my pitch mix, my command to pitch in the States and see where it takes me from there.” That says it all as Sugano art of pitching’d his way to a 1.67 ERA and 0.95 WHIP in 2024, and a 2.43 ERA and 1.04 WHIP in his 1,873.1 IP career. The guy knows how to pitch, and while he’s not going to be an under 3 guy in MLB, I don’t see why his profile wouldn’t transfer. Baltimore wouldn’t have paid him $13 million if they didn’t think he could be effective. I would expect a #3/4 type starter with a high 3 ERA and low WHIP, but the lack of K’s and age still blunts his dynasty value. He’s probably more of a Top 400-500-ish dynasty asset with more value the deeper the league is.

The Guardians trade Josh Naylor to Arizona for Slade Cecconi and then signed Carlos Santana for 1 year, $12 million

Arizona was the 4th worst park for lefty homers while Cleveland was the 5th best. Naylor hits the ball hard enough where I wouldn't panic, but that is a definite downgrade, and he was already coming off a career power season that was sure to regress. I thought he was getting a tad underrated even after his career year, because absolutely nobody is buying in, but now I'm hesitant to buy in as well. Cleveland turned right around and signed Carlos Santana, so any bump for Manzardo and Noel is mitigated, but a 39 year old Santana will be much easier to surpass than Naylor. It's clear that Manzardo and Noel are the future (and probably the present too at DH/1B). As for Arizona, it now gets a bit more crowded for all of their fringe starters (Pavin Smith, Alek Thomas, JJ McCarthy, Blaze Alexander), but these guys were going to have to prove it on the field anyway to hold a job, and I still think the cream will rise here (Pavin Smith is the cream).

The Astros trade Kyle Tucker to Chicago for Isaac Paredes, Cam Smith, and Hayden Wesneski

It was a no brainer for Chicago to flip Paredes to a team better suited to his particular set of skills, and Houston couldn’t be more perfect for him. He should get back to mid 20’s homers. This is a big boost for his fantasy value. Cam Smith had the raw power to profile anywhere, but this is still a big park upgrade for him too. And Hayden Wesneski gets a new team, new coaches, new voices etc … to try to unlock his still decent potential. He was actually pretty good last year with a whiff machine, double plus sweeper and 2 low to mid 90’s fastballs. Houston wouldn’t have traded for him if they didn’t see something they liked. Not big value here, but it’s something. And finally, the biggest piece in the deal, Kyle Tucker, is the least interesting. And you know what, that kinda tracks with his whole career of being underhyped. His value doesn’t change. So boring.

-Halp