Dynasty Thoughts on the Red Hot Stove Off-Season Moves

New
Dec 12, 2024

Baseball Hot Stove Season is always so damn fun, and this off-season is no exception with moves coming fast and furious right now. Every trade/signing can change the dynasty landscape in a hurry, so I wanted to dive in with some thoughts on the acquisitions I think had a both direct and indirect impact on dynasty value. I discussed the Soto signing on Monday (and I discussed a bunch of other transactions earlier in the off-season as well), so let's dive into the rest:

The White Sox trade Garrett Crochet to the Red Sox for Kyle Teel, Braden Montgomery, Chase Meidroth, and Wikelman Gonzalez

We all knew Crochet was on the move to a contender, and I was already super duper high on him, so this trade doesn't his change his ranking at all from yesterday's Sneak Peek release. Fenway was the 9th worst pitcher's park last year, but that isn't too bad, and with an elite of the elite strikeout stud like Crochet, ballpark isn't really as big of a factor. If you read my Crochet blurb, you know how much I love him. The value change on the prospects are really the most interesting part of this deal to me. Edgar Quero and Kyle Teel both had a clear path to playing time on their respective teams, but now they have to compete with each other. Kinda brutal for their dynasty values, as both of their bats projected to be good, but not really great. You have to think Teel is the favorite for most of the at bats, but that might be a bad assumption. It hurts both of their values. I still don't like Connor Wong as he's a bad defensive catcher and he's bad on offense (he got lucky in 2024), but it sure seems like he's locked into the job right now, making him a viable late round option who will provide some speed. Meidroth's value also gets a pretty big bump as there is a ton of opportunity in that infield. He's a better real life hitter than fantasy hitter with an elite plate approach and not much else, but his 88.2 MPH EV isn't horrible, and he can run a little too. A high BA/OBP with 10+ homers and 10+ steals isn't out of the question. I still don't particularly love him though as the upside is low especially in Chicago's lineup, so I'm not still not targeting him after this trade. And finally, Montgomery's value doesn't change as a power hitting beast with some strikeout and injury risk. I guess the path to playing time is clearer, but it's an organization downgrade and a future lineup downgrade. It's also a ballpark downgrade. If anything, it makes me like him slightly less, but again, this really shouldn't change his value.

Michael Conforto signs a 1 year, $17 million contract with the Dodgers

From the 28th worst park for lefty homers (SF) to the 6th best. Conforto hit 3 homers at home vs. 17 on the road. I mean, come on. And he goes to a great organization who is hoping to repeat that same one year magic they pulled with Teoscar Hernandez. He had a 11.8% Barrel%, 90.2/95.4 MPH AVG/LD EV, 14.8 degree launch and 24.2/8.6 K%/BB%. He's a major win now buy for a song of a price. I'm sure the price will go up now, but he will still be mighty enticing. I'm buying pretty hard.

Clay Holmes signs a 3 year, $38 million contract with the Mets

When I told my mom (an insanely passionate Yankees fan) that the Mets signed Clay Holmes with the intent to turn him into a starter, she just laughed and said "good luck with that." My take isn't as harsh as my mom's, as we saw the value to be had in 2024 with these reliever to starter transitions, and my instinct is to buy them. Holmes was a starter in the minors, and he put up a 30.2% whiff% in 2024, so I say why not take a shot. He put up a .662 OPS against both lefties and righties last year, his 96.6 MPH sinker should work in any role (the velocity will likely drop in a starting role, but he has some room to spare there), and his slider and sweeper are whiff machine secondaries. I'm not sure if he plans on adding more pitches this off-season, but he used to tinker with a 4-seamer, cutter, and changeup which he could bring back into the fold more. Holmes had his bumps in a bullpen role last year, losing the closer job, which is what prompted my mom's laughter, but his groundball/whiff combo is enticing, and I'm apt to buy here. I'll take a shot if the price is right for sure.

Max Fried signed an 8 year, $218 million contract with the Yanks

The Yanks now have a rotation crunch with Cole, Fried, Rodon, Gil, Cortes, Stroman and Schmidt. Schmidt was one of my favorite pitching targets this off-season, but now it seems there is no guarantee he has a job coming out of the gate. Stroman is the worst pitcher of the 7, but a vet like that generally gets deference. Gil and his shaky control could be the odd man out too, but I kinda doubt that. And of course with injuries, all 7 are going to rack up innings, but it can be kinda complicated/a pain in the ass to roster 6th starters who don't have starting jobs to start the season, and that could be Schmidt now. For Dynasty, you can look at this as an even bigger buying opportunity, and my brain says that is how you should look at it. Go after him even harder now. But my gut hates it. Rostering a pitcher who you are counting on to be in your rotation, but you don't know when or if he will be re-inserted back into the rotation is easier said than done. It hurts Schmidt's value, and it's hard to say he's a target when I'm not even sure he has a rotation spot. The brain says go harder, but the gut says pull back.

Matthew Boyd signs a 2 year, $29 million contract with the Cubbies

This deal pushed another one of my favorite pitcher targets out of a rotation spot in Ben Brown. I saw this one coming, and the Boyd signing seems to make it official, although I easily think Brown can beat Assad for the 5th starter job, assuming Chicago doesn't add another arm (which they might). Because I expected Brown to start in the bullpen, this doesn't change my value of him, but I can't deny the feeling he gets stuck in the bullpen is getting stronger and stronger. Again, with the injuries and ineffectiveness you know teams need way more than even 6 starters, so Brown should get his shot eventually, but you are likely going to have to wait for it now. As for Boyd, I'll dive deeper into him when I do his writeup, but he put up a 2.72 ERA with a 27.7/7.8 K%/BB% in 39.2 IP last year. I mean, it's not rocket science, go after him as a win now piece. His fastball, changeup, and slider are all whiff machines.

Willy Adames signs a 7 year, $182 million contract with the Giants

San Francisco is absolutely death on righty homers, sitting dead last by a mile, while Milwaukee was the 7th best park for righty homers. This move is a big drop off for Adames. And he doesn't have the type of elite raw power to not be concerned with a decent 93 MPH EV. He hits the ball in the air a ton, and he strikes out a lot too, so there is very real batting average downside here. His Statcast expected homer totals was 31 in SF and 35 in Milwaukee, so I don't want to overreact, but I'm much less willing to buy into his career fantasy year than I was before the signing. He dropped in my Top 1,000 Sneak Peeks from 65 to 88. Maybe a bit harsh, but I give my raw, unfiltered opinion, and I just don't love paying up for hitters in San Francisco.

Danny Jansen signs a 1 year, $8.5 million contract with Tampa

This is a perfect landing spot for Jansen as he immediately becomes the starting catcher in Tampa. He's a lift and pull machine, which would have been perfect at the Trop, but the Rays aren't playing at the Trop in 2025. They are playing on a field that supposedly has the same dimensions as Yankee Stadium, which conventional wisdom had as not great for righty homers, but Statcast has it as the 2nd best park for righty homers (I'm thinking Aaron Judge might be skewing the numbers here, and while Park Factors should be player neutral, I don't think they are). Either way, this is a big boost for Jansen's value, and his price should be very cheap coming off a down season. If you wait on catcher, Jansen could be a very sneaky late pick that pays off relatively decently.

Tyler O'Neill signs a 3 year, $49.5 million contract with Baltimore

I thought Baltimore would prioritize pitching in free agency with how stacked their offensive minor league system is, but I can't argue with adding a bat like O'Neill, and it could open things up for them in the pitching trade market as well. Kjerstad must be sitting there and saying what do I have to do to get a shot. This signing definitely hurts Kjerstad's value right now, but you have to think he is prime trade bait, so I don't want to overreact. I just feel bad for the guy though. 2nd overall pick in the draft. Overcame a serious heart condition. Has raked his face off in the minors and has a 113 wRC+ in 52 games in the majors. And they fucking hate him. Trade this man to the Marlins or something.

Cleveland trades Andres Gimenez and Nick Sandlin to Toronto for Spencer Horwitz and Nick Mitchell ... Cleveland then flips Spencer Horwitz to Pitt for Luis Ortiz, Michael Kennedy and Josh Hartle

With Vlad locked in at 1B, and Toronto giving up on Horwitz as a 2B, Horwitz looked like a bench bat in Toronto, so this move to Pitt with their 1B job wide open is a nice bump in value for Horwitz. He's now the favorite for the lion's share of that job. He struggled hard vs. lefties in 2024, so it's likely a strong side of a platoon role, and he doesn't really have the power you want for a 1B, so he's still not a target for me, but at least he's now more interesting in medium to deeper leagues. The plate approach is excellent and he proved the bat will play in the majors. Gimenez's value doesn't really change at all. He remains a contact/speed/defense play with not much power. Luis Ortiz gets a small bump headed to an organization that is known for pitching development, and he seems he could have a rotation spot. He has good stuff with a 95.9 MPH fastball, so maybe Cleveland can unlock the upside he's always had in here. He got lucky in 2024 and the swing and miss was super low, so I still don't love him, but I'm much more likely to take a flier on him now than I was before this trade.

Marlins trade Jake Burger to Texas for Max Acosta, Echedry Vargas, and Brayan Mendoza

Super fun trade that I wanted to include, but not sure the dynasty value changes on any of them. I already loved Burger, ranking him high in the 1B rankings, and if anything he gets a small bump with Texas. Lowe and Jung probably have a bit more pressure on their bats to produce now, but their jobs aren't in jeopardy, so it doesn't change their value. Leody Taveras is probably the biggest loser here, but his bat just wasn't developing as hoped, so this was going to happen one way or the other. And finally, it might impact Evan Carter a tad short term as he now has to compete with Taveras for at bats. He should be able to win that battle, but it does put pressure on him to perform pretty quickly. As for what this opens up in Miami, it is clearly Deyvison De Los Santos time. I already was more or less giving him the 1B job, so I already knew the path to playing time was clear for him. It's even more clear now though. The value on the prospects headed to Miami don't change.

Thairo Estrada signs a 1 year, 3.25 million contract with Colorado

The contract number really says it all. Estrada is not a very sought after player, and while having a starting job and hitting in Coors clearly bumps up his value, I'm not targeting him. The Coors bump isn't close to what it used to be, and he only stole 2 bags in 96 games last year, which is where he derived most of his value. Having a job puts him back on the late round radar, but that is about it.

Kyle Higashioka signs a 2 year, $12.5 million contract with Texas

This is a big hit to Jonah Heim's value, because Higashioka might just be better than him. At the least I think they are going to split the position, making it hard to count on either one as a true fantasy starting catcher. I was hoping Higashioka would sign with like the Rockies, so competing with Heim isn't optimal for him either. This hurts both of their values, but particularly Heim's as he was the presumed locked in starter. I'm not so sure now.

Aroldis Chapman signs a 1 year, $10.75 million contract with Boston

Boston swaps out one formerly elite old closer for another, going from Kenley to Aroldis. Although Liam Hendriks is in the mix too coming back from Tommy John surgery. Hendriks got shut down in September when he was rehabbing in the minors, and his stuff was down, so my money is on Chapman, but we will see how they both look this spring. 