2025 FYPD Target & Strategy Guide

New
January 8

A list with 146 names and tons of analysis/projections can be very hard to digest. I completely understand that, so my goal with this year's FYPD Target and Strategy Guide is to help you organize that list better in your mind, to give you greater insight into my mind. It's a mind meld, if you will ... or if you won't. Here is the 2025 FYPD Target & Strategy Guide:

Click here for the full Top 146 FYPD Rankings

Click here for the Spreadsheet of the full Top 146 FYPD Rankings

(https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YE0FT8-Bvrz4j9bHS5DQ7eliqY5P-ZTTlbqqQQaldAU/edit?usp=sharing)

Tier 1 Strategy - Do whatever you can to trade up for the top pick

1) Roki Sasaki - FRA, RHP, 23.5 - Sasaki is a super easy call for #1 overall as a ready made ace ... that is until he's out with Tommy John until 2027 and Travis Bazzana is on pace for 20/20 in the majors in the 2nd half of the season ;) ... just playing, but you know as well as I do, I'm kinda not playing

Tier 2 Strategy - Stay in your draft slot and take whoever falls to you. Don't trade up

2) Travis Bazzana - CLE, 2B, 22.7 through 12) Jac Caglionone - KCR, 1B, 22.2

I truly believe that any player in this group can emerge as the top player in the draft class in the long run. They all have their flaws and they all have their strengths. None are finished products. Their ultimate potential will be decided by the work they put in to improve over the these next few years, and while I do my best to predict the future, the future is unknowable. I love me pro debuts, I feel I've hammered that one home more than enough hah, but it's still not the end all, be all. Bazzana and JJ might not end up with a ton of upside. Kurtz and Cam Smith might end up better real life hitters than fantasy. Moore has K problems. Burns and Smith are pitchers. Griffin has hit tool risk. Condon, Montgomery and Jac have humongous power, but maybe not much else. They are all pretty close in talent and value in the grand scheme of things.

7) Konnor Griffin - PIT, OF, 18.11 - If one player in this group kinda pings my gut and heart every time I pass his name in the rankings, it's Griffin. It's like I'm getting a signal that he is the guy to truly go after. All of the college bats are good, but not great, and Griffin has the potential to be great. If you have the guts that I didn't have in these rankings, maybe it's Griffin that is the true top pick after Sasaki. Especially in a shallow league, it could be fun to roll the dice on him.

Tier 3 Strategy - This tier isn't so far out ahead of the next tier that I would overpay to trade up, but there are a few precision targets here that could make it worth it like Kim and Payne in particular

13) Bryce Rainer - DET, SS, 19.9 through 18) Slade Caldwell - ARI, OF, 18.9

16) Hye-seong Kim - LAD, 2B, 26.2 - Kim doesn't have the upside that a ton of these FYPD prospects have, but that is the nature of ranking a 26 year old who has been a professional for years on a list with kids. In dynasty drafts, when you get to the point of the draft where MLB players with starting jobs start to dry up, having a job with some semblance of upside is a separator over one of the many. many, many high upside lotto tickets you can pick later. And Kim has some upside due to his stolen base potential. Now that it seems he's the favorite for the Dodgers starting 2B job, he should be a pretty sought after asset in a First Year Player Draft. He shouldn't be included in a FYPD to begin with, but that is a story for another day.

14) Braylon Payne - MIL, OF, 18.8 - Payne is a popular target at this point, but I still feel like he is worth pointing out as the guy who is really setting off target alarm bells for me. Big raw talent, good debut, young for class, good organization, both floor and upside ... it just seems like he could truly explode. Trading up into this range just to grab him isn't the worst idea

Tier 4 Strategy - I find there is a definite value drop going from Tier 4 to Tier 5, so I like trying to trade up into this area to nab one of the many very exciting prospects in this tier. This is the pick your poison portion of the draft. College arms, college bats, upside teenagers ... it has a little bit of everything, and it's not just quantity, it's quality too

19) Trey Yesavage - TOR, RHP, 21.8 through 40) Kash Mayfield - SDP, LHP, 20.3

23) Griffin Burkholder - PHI, OF, 19.7 - If you read the first iteration of the FYPD rankings right after the draft, and then read the in-season dynasty baseball rundowns, you watched my love for Burkholder just keep growing. He looked so electric in every video I could find, and then he had an electric pro debut. Granted it was just one game, so there is a lot of risk here, but I really love his upside. He's a particular target in this tier

25) Josuar Gonzalez - SFG, SS, 17.6 - If you wanted to put Gonzalez in Tier 3, I wouldn't argue with you, but 17 year old international prospects still have so much more risk than the more well known and tested high school MLB draft bats. I'm just not comfortable taking that shot in the dark too early in the draft, and I don't think Gonzalez has that true top level hype like a Leo De Vries or Ethan Salas. He falls more in with other classes, where the top guys aren't necessarily that far out ahead of the guys ranked after them. Think of the Cristian Hernandez and Wilman Diaz class. I bring them up also just to highlight there is still a lot of risk with international prospects. So for me, I'm just not comfortable pulling the trigger until this tier. If you wanted to slide Gonzalez up to the top of this tier, I'm good with that too.

32) Yorger Bautista - SEA, OF, 17.6 - Gonzalez is the consensus top international prospect, so he probably won't end up a great value in drafts, but Bautista could possibly be had very very late depending on the draft. He's my top international target this year. I think my blurb sums him up the best, so I'll repeat it here in case it got lost in the shuffle on the larger rankings:

"Bautista looks like he was born with a bat in his hands when you watch him swing. He moves that bat in a totally controlled way like a samurai warrior, coolly crushing everything that comes his way with both power and contact. He was always known for his good feel to hit, and then he got much bigger and stronger at a rock solid 6'1'', 175 pounds, so he can end up with a truly potent hit/power combo. Then tack on the fact he also has plus speed, and you have one of, if not the most enticing prospects in the international class. I have Gonzalez #1 one right now, but Bautista is 1A for me. It's a coin flip with the tie going to Gonzalez' superior perceived value. I don't think you are going to have to go even close to this high to grab Bautista. - ETA: 2030 Prime Projection: 91/25/93/.277/.351/.473/21"

36) Kale Fountain - SDP, 3B, 19.8 - Fountain is another target in this tier relative to draft slot. He's the next Brandon Winokur ... now granted, Winokur still has a lot to prove himself, but you get the point. Big guy and underrated athlete

Tier 5 Strategy - By this point of the draft, everyone's draft board is going to deviate, and possibly deviate in major ways. Which is a good thing. Evaluating these prospects and differentiating them is very hard. They are all really good, and their values are all pretty close, so everyone should have their own favorites. You don't need to really trade up anymore at this point in the draft. I would sit back and just let your favorite targets fall to you. Plenty of guys to like, so don't sweat it if a target gets taken before you pick

41) Tomoyuki Sugano - BAL, RHP, 35.6 through 65) Rodney Green - OAK, OF, 22.0

41) Tomoyuki Sugano - BAL, RHP, 35.6 - He's a 35 year old #3/4 starter. Ranking him with 17 years old is just silly. If you need the solid win now arm, scoop Sugano whenever it makes sense for your team/league

47) Ryan Johnson - LAA, RHP, 22.8 - Johnson is my top pitcher target in the draft, and while I know I said don't sweat it if you miss out on targets in this tier, I would be pretty pissed if I lose out on Johnson. He has uniqueness, size, production, elite K/BB, velocity, a wipeout secondary, and a diverse pitch mix. I mean, that is a lot of boxes to check. I really don't want to leave my drafts without him, and he gets almost zero hype, so you shouldn't have to reach too high.

49) Tytus Cissell - ARI, SS, 19.0 - I love it when I fire up video of a FYPD prospect and the electricity just jumps through my screen. That is Cissell with bat speed, foot speed, power, size, projectability ... his upside isn't nearly being given the respect it deserves, and it's likely because he was a late riser in the draft process. But these are 17/18/19 year old kids and improvements come fast. Cissell looks like a possible stud for a song of a price

54) Shotaro Morii - OAK, SS/RHP, 18.4/56) Chase Harlan - LAD, 3B, 18.9 - Morii and Harlan are two underrated power bats I like a ton. Morii gives me shades of Hideki Matsui. Harlan gives me shades of Austin Riley. They aren't getting the hype they deserve.

57) Mike Sirota - LAD, OF, 21.10 - Sirota feels very Alex Freeland-y to me now that he was targeted by the Dodgers. Freeland was a target for me in this here FYPD Target & Strategy Guide in his draft year, and I'll make Sirota one too. Although Sirota is far more hyped already because he was a possible 1st round pick and even top 10 option before his mediocre junior year. In the Dodgers we trust.

58) Boston Bateman - SDP, LHP, 19.7/59) Blake Larson - CHW, LHP, 19.1 - I love me some funky lefties, and Bateman and Larson both have that uncut nastiness I am just drawn to. They are two of my favorite underrated high school arms in the class. I wouldn't reach for them, and you shouldn't have to pick them too high, so just wait for them to fall into your lap as late as possible. So be it if they get scooped before you.

65) Rodney Green - OAK, OF, 22.0 - The Athletics have done really well with Lawrence Butler and Denzel Clarke (and to a lesser extent, Henry Bolte too), so they know what they are doing with toolsy power/speed combos with hit tool risk, and Green perfectly fits that prototype. Super fun college upside bat to take at a reasonable price. He's the discount Vance Honeycutt. Pass on the Honey, and hit the Green.

Tier 6

66) Nate Dohm - NYM, RHP, 22.3 through 92) Trey Gregory-Alford LAA, RHP, 18.11

66) Nate Dohm - NYM, RHP, 22.3 - Dohm is a sleeper even for 30 teamers it seems. It's like he doesn't even exist. Stuff, size, and budding breakout ... easy target super late

67) Deivid Coronil - SDP, SS, 17.6/68) Braylin Antunez - MIL, OF, 17.4/69) Kenny Fenelon - MIL, OF, 17.6 - These are my favorite international prospects in the less hyped tiers. If Coronil adds power, and his build suggests he will, watch out. Antunez and Fenelon are explosive athletes on a team that just churned out Chourio and Made. I just really like the look of all three of these guys

72) Aaron Parker - TOR, C, 22.3 - You already know. Pro debut breakout ... I think if I write pro debut breakout one more time my head is going to explode ... .... pro debut breakout

85) Chase Mobley - CLE, RHP, 18.10/86) Johnny King - TOR, LHP, 18.7 - These are two of my favorite high school arms at this very late portion of the draft. Just explosive athletes on the mound. Really good stuff. Both could pop very quickly with a good start to pro ball, and neither gets much hype if any.

Tier 7

93) Teilon Serrano - LAD, OF, 16.10 through 122) Ty Southisene - CHC, SS, 19.9

93) Teilon Serrano - LAD, OF, 16.10 - Double plus speed, explosive swing, young for the class, some power projection (and at only 16, who knows how much more), and a great organization. I think there is some very real explosion potential for Serrano to emerge as one of the top players in the class by this time next year.

122) Ty Southisene - CHC, SS, 19.9 - I talked about Konnor Griffin pinging my gut and heart every time I pass him in the rankings, and while Southisene is just about the exact opposite type of player at the exact opposite end of the draft, I get that same little ping for Southisene. He's the quintessential little man discount as he's raked and been a standout performer everywhere he's been with a plus hit/speed profile. I think he's going to pop a bit at some point.

Tier 8

123) Juan Sanchez - TOR, SS, 17.7 through 146) Ruben Castillo - NYY, OF, 17.3

These are your pure lotto tickets and low upside college bats. It's like when I go to 7-Eleven and pick up a Mega Millions lotto ticket and a hot dog on the rollers. One could pay off huge, but very probably won't. And one definitely won't pay off huge, but as a bonus, could also give me diarrhea. The classic low upside and low floor, but yet, I still gotta do it sometimes.